                    é               + + +
March 02, 2018 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, great are the works that the Heavenly Father has done in me, as He does in all those who love Him tenderly and who faithfully and devoutly serve Him. My children, the Heavenly Father loves you, and it is through His love that I am here with you. He is speaking to you. Why do you not desire to see the signs? Everything is easier alongside Him. Also, pain lived with Him is easier because faith exists. Faith helps in the pain, and pain without faith leads to despair. Pain lived and offered to God raises up. Did my Son not redeem the world through His painful sacrifice? As His mother I was with Him in the pain and suffering, as I am with all of you. My children, I am with you in life, in suffering, in pain, in joy and in love. Therefore, have hope. It is hope that makes you comprehend that life is there. My children, I am speaking to you, my voice is speaking to your soul, my heart is speaking to your heart. Oh, apostles of my love, how much my motherly heart loves you. How many things I desire to teach you. How my motherly heart desires that you be complete, and you can be complete only when your soul, body and love are united within you. I implore you as my children, pray much for the Church and her servants - your shepherds; that the Church may be such as my Son desires - clear as spring water and full of love. Thank you."

February 25, 2018 Message to Marija
"Dear children! In this time of grace I am calling all of you to open yourselves and to live the commandments which God has given you, that they may lead you through the Sacraments on the way of conversion. The world and worldly temptations are testing you, but you, little children, look at God’s creatures which He has given to you in beauty and humility and, little children, love God above everything and He will lead you on the way of salvation. Thank you for having responded to my call."

February 02, 2018 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, you whom my Son loves, you whom I love with an immeasurable motherly love, do not permit for selfishness, for self love, to rule the world. Do not permit for love and goodness to be hidden. You who are loved, who have come to know the love of my Son, remember that to be loved means to love. My children, have faith. When you have faith you are happy and are spreading peace; your soul trembles with joy. My Son is in such a soul. When you are giving yourself for the faith, when you are giving yourself for love, when you are doing good to your neighbor, my Son smiles in your soul. Apostles of my love, I am turning to you as a mother. I am gathering you around myself and I desire to lead you on the way of love and faith, on the way which leads to the light of the world. I am here for the sake of love, for the sake of faith, because with my motherly blessing I desire to give you hope and strength on your way - because the way which leads to my Son is not easy. It is full of renunciation, giving, sacrifice, forgiveness and much, much love. But this way leads to peace and happiness. My children, do not believe lying voices which speak to you about false things, false glitter. You, my children, return to the Scripture. I am looking at you with immeasurable love, and through God’s grace am making myself evident to you. My children, set out with me. May your soul tremble with joy. Thank you."

January 25, 2018 Message to Marija
"Dear children! May this time be for you a time of prayer, so that the Holy Spirit, through prayer, may descend upon you and give you conversion. Open your hearts and read the Sacred Scripture, that through the testimonies you also may be closer to God. Above everything, little children, seek God and the things of God and leave earthly ones to the earth, because Satan is attracting you to the dust and sin. You are called to holiness and created for Heaven; therefore, seek Heaven and the things of Heaven. Thank you for having responded to my call."

January 02, 2018 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, when love is beginning to disappear on earth, when the way of salvation is not being found, I, the mother, am coming to help you to come to know true faith – living and profound – so as to help you to truly love. As a mother, I am longing for your mutual love, goodness, and purity. My desire is that you be just and that you love each other. My children, be joyful in your soul, be pure, be children. My Son used to say that he loves to be among pure hearts, because pure hearts are always young and joyful. My Son said to you to forgive and to love each other. I know that this is not always easy. Suffering makes you grow in spirit. For you to spiritually grow all the more, you must sincerely and truly forgive and love. Many of my children on earth do not know my Son, they do not love Him; but you who do love my Son, you who carry Him in your heart, pray, pray and in praying feel my Son beside you. May your soul breathe in His spirit. I am among you and am speaking about little and great things. I will not grow tired speaking to you about my Son – the true love. Therefore, my children, open your hearts to me. Permit me to lead you as a mother. Be apostles of the love of my Son and of me. As a mother I implore you not to forget those whom my Son has called to lead you. Carry them in your heart and pray for them. Thank you."

December 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am bringing to you my Son Jesus for Him to give you His peace and blessing. I am calling all of you, little children, to live and witness the graces and the gifts which you have received. Do not be afraid. Pray for the Holy Spirit to give you the strength to be joyful witnesses and people of peace and hope. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 25, 2017 Annual Apparition to Jakov
The apparition began at 2:07 pm and lasted 10 minutes. Afterwards Jakov transmitted the message:
"Dear children, today, on this day of grace, I am calling you to ask the Lord for the gift of faith. My children, decide for God and begin to live and to believe in that what God is calling you to. To believe, my children, means to surrender your lives into God's hands - the hands of the Lord who created you and who loves you immeasurably. Do not be believers only in words but live and witness your faith through works and through your personal example. Speak with God as with your Father. Open and surrender your hearts to Him and you will see how your hearts are changing and how your life will marvel at God's works in your life. My children, there is no life without God and that is why, as your mother, I intercede before, and pray to, my Son to renew your hearts and to fill your life with immeasurable love. Thank you for having responed to my call."

December 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I turn to you as your mother, the mother of the just, the mother of those who love and suffer, the mother of those who are holy. My children, you too can be holy - this depends on you. Those who are holy are those who immeasurably love the Heavenly Father, those who love Him above all. Therefore, my children, always strive to be better. If you strive to be good you can be holy even though you may not think so of yourselves. If you think that you are good, you are not humble, and arrogance distances you from holiness. In this peaceless world full of threats, your hands, apostles of my love, should be extended in prayer and mercy. And to me, my children, give the gift of the rosary, the roses which I love so much. My roses are your prayers pronounced with the heart and not only recited with the lips. My roses are your acts of prayer, faith and love. When my Son was little, he said to me that my children would be numerous and that they would bring me many roses. I did not comprehend Him. Now I know that you are those children who are bringing me roses when, above all, you love my Son, when you pray with the heart, when you help the poorest. Those are my roses. That is the faith which makes everything in life be done through love, not knowing arrogance, and always ready to forgive; never judging, always striving to understand one's brother. Therefore, apostles of my love, pray for those who do not know how to love, for those who do not love you, for those who have done evil to you, for those who have not come to know the love of my Son. My children, I ask this of you because, remember, to pray means to love and to forgive. Thank you."

November 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! In this time of grace, I call you to prayer. Pray and seek peace, little children. He who came here on earth to give you His peace, regardless of who you are and what you are – He, my Son, your Brother – through me is calling you to conversion, because without God you do not have a future or eternal life. Therefore, believe and pray and live in grace and the expectation of your personal meeting with Him. Thank you for having responded to my call."

November 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, As I am looking at you gathered around me, your mother, I see many pure souls, many of my children who are seeking love and consolation, but no one is offering it to them. I also see those who are doing evil, because they do not have good examples; they have not come to know my Son. The good which is silent and is spread through pure souls is the strength which sustains this world. There is much sin, but there is also love. My Son is sending me to you - the mother who is the same for everyone - that I may teach you to love, to comprehend that you are brothers. He desires to help you. Apostles of my love, a living desire of faith and love is sufficient, and my Son will accept it. But you must be worthy, you must have good will and open hearts. My Son enters into open hearts. I, as a mother, desire that you may all the better come to know my Son - God born of God - to come to know the greatness of His love which you need so much. He accepted your sins upon Himself and obtained redemption for you, and in return He asked that you love each other. My Son is love. He loves all people without difference, all people of all countries and of all nations. If you, my children, would live the love of my Son, His kingdom would already be on earth. Therefore, apostles of my love, pray, pray that my Son and His love may be all the closer to you; that you may be an example of love and may help all those who have not come to know my Son. Never forget that my Son, one and triune, loves you. Love your shepherds and pray for them. Thank you."

October 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! I am calling you to be prayer in this time of grace. You all have problems, afflictions, sufferings and lack of peace. May saints be models to you and an encouragement for holiness; God will be near you and you will be renewed in seeking through your personal conversion. Faith will be hope to you and joy will begin to reign in your hearts. Thank you for having responded to my call."

October 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I am speaking to you as a mother - with simple words, but words filled with much love and concern for my children who, through my Son, are entrusted to me. And my Son, who is of the eternal now, He is speaking to you with words of life and is sowing love in open hearts. Therefore, I am imploring you, apostles of my love, have open hearts always ready for mercy and forgiveness. According to my Son, always forgive your neighbors, because in that way peace will be in you. My children, care for your soul, because it alone is what truly belongs to you. You are forgetting the importance of family. A family does not need to be a place of suffering and pain, but a place of understanding and tenderness. Families who strive to live according to my Son live in mutual love. While He was still little, my Son would say to me that all people are His brothers. Therefore, remember, apostles of my love, that all people whom you meet are family to you - brothers according to my Son. My children, do not waste time thinking about the future, worrying. May your only concern be how to live well every moment according to my Son. And there it is - peace for you! My children, do not ever forget to pray for your shepherds. Pray that they can accept all people as their children; that, according to my Son, they may be spiritual fathers to them. Thank you!"

September 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! I am calling you to be generous in renunciation, fasting and prayer for all those who are in temptation, and are your brothers and sisters. In a special way I am imploring you to pray for priests and for all the consecrated, that they may love Jesus still more fervently; that the Holy Spirit may fill their hearts with joy; that they may witness Heaven and Heavenly mysteries. Many souls are in sin, because there are not those who sacrifice themselves and pray for their conversion. I am with you and am praying that your hearts may be filled with joy. Thank you for having responded to my call."

September 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, who could speak to you about the love and the pain of my Son better than I? I lived with Him; I suffered with Him. Living the earthly life I felt pain because I was a mother. My Son loved the thoughts and the works of the Heavenly Father, the true God. And, as He said to me, He came to redeem you. I hid my pain through love, but you, my children, you have numerous questions. You do not comprehend pain. You do not comprehend that through the love of God you need to accept pain and endure it. Every human being will experience it to a lesser or greater measure. But with peace in the soul and in a state of grace, hope exists; this is my Son, God, born of God. His words are the seed of eternal life. Sown in good souls they bring numerous fruits. My Son bore the pain because He took your sins upon Himself. Therefore, you, my children, apostles of my love, you who suffer, know that your pain will become light and glory. My children, while you are enduring pain, while you are suffering, Heaven enters in you and you give a piece of Heaven and much hope to all those around you. Thank you."

August 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am calling you to be people of prayer. Pray until prayer becomes a joy for you and a meeting with the Most High. He will transform your hearts and you will become people of love and peace. Do not forget, little children, that Satan is strong and wants to draw you away from prayer. You, do not forget that prayer is the secret key of meeting with God. That is why I am with you to lead you. Do not give up on prayer. Thank you for having responded to my call."

August 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, according to the will of the Heavenly Father, as the mother of Him who loves you, I am here with you to help you to come to know Him and to follow Him. My Son has left you His foot-prints to make it easier for you to follow Him. Do not be afraid. Do not be uncertain, I am with you. Do not permit yourselves to be discouraged because much prayer and sacrifice are necessary for those who do not pray, do not love and do not know my Son. You help, by seeing your brothers in them. Apostles of my love, hearken to my voice within you, feel my motherly love. Therefore pray, pray by doing, pray by giving, pray with love, pray in work and thoughts, in the name of my Son. All the more love that you give, so much more of it you will also receive. Love which emanates from love illuminates the world. Redemption is love, and love has no end. When my Son comes to the earth anew, He will look for love in your hearts. My children, many are the acts of love which He has done for you. I am teaching you to see them, to comprehend them and to thank Him by loving Him and always anew forgiving your neighbors. Because to love my Son means to forgive. My Son is not loved if the neighbor cannot be forgiven, if there is not an effort to comprehend the neighbor, if he is judged. My children, of what use is your prayer if you do not love and forgive? Thank you."

July 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Be prayer and a reflection of God's love for all those who are far from God and God's commandments. Little children, be faithful and determined in conversion and work on yourselves so that, for you, holiness of life may be truth; and encourage each other in the good through prayer, so that your life on earth may be more pleasant. Thank you for having responded to my call."

July 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana 
"Dear children, Thank you for continuing to respond to my invitations and for gathering here around me, your heavenly mother. I know that you are thinking of me with love and hope. I, too, feel love for all of you, just as my most beloved Son also feels it: He who, through his merciful love, is always sending me to you anew; He who was man; He who was and is God - one and triune; He who suffered in body and soul for your sake; He who made Himself bread to feed your souls and thus to save them. My children, I am teaching you how to be worthy of His love, to direct your thoughts to Him, to live my Son. Apostles of my love, I am covering you with my mantle, because as a mother I desire to protect you. I am imploring you to pray for the whole world. My heart is suffering. Sins are multiplying, they are too numerous. But with the help of those of you who are humble, modest, filled with love, hidden and holy, my heart will triumph. Love my Son above all and the whole world through Him. Never forget that each of your brothers, within himself, carries something precious --- the soul. Therefore, my children, love all those who do not know my Son, so that through prayer and the love which comes through prayer, they may become better; that the goodness in them could win; that souls could be saved and have eternal life. My apostles, my children, my Son told you to love one another. May this be inscribed in your hearts and with prayer, try to live that love. Thank you."

June 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today, I desire to thank you for your perseverance and call you to open yourselves to profound prayer. Prayer, little children, is the heart of faith and is hope in eternal life. Therefore, pray with the heart until your heart sings with thanksgiving to God the Creator who gave you life. I am with you, little children, and carry to you my motherly blessing of peace. Thank you for having responded to my call."
  	
June 25, 2017 Message to Ivanka
Ivanka Ivankovic-Elez - Annual apparition. The apparition, which lasted 4 minutes, took place at Ivanka's family home. Only Ivanka's family was present at the apparition. After the apparition, Ivanka said: Our Lady gave the following message: "Little children, pray, pray, pray." Our Lady was joyful and blessed all of us with her motherly blessing. 

June 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, as in the other places where I have come to you, also here I am calling you to prayer. Pray for those who do not know my Son, for those who have not come to know the love of God, against sin, for the consecrated - for those whom my Son called to have love and the spirit of strength for you, for the Church. Pray to my Son, and the love which you experience from His nearness will give you the strength to make you ready for the works of love, which you will do in His name. My children, be ready. This time is a turning point. That is why I am calling you anew to faith and hope. I am showing you the way by which you need to go, and those are the words of the Gospel. Apostles of my love, the world is in such need of your arms raised towards Heaven, towards my Son, towards the Heavenly Father. Much humility and purity of heart are needed. Have trust in my Son and know that you can always be better. My motherly heart desires for you, apostles of my love, to be little lights of the world, to illuminate there where darkness wants to begin to reign, to show the true way by your prayer and love, to save souls. I am with you. Thank you."

May 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! The Most High has permitted me to call you anew to conversion. Little children, open your hearts to the grace to which you are all called. Be witnesses of peace and love in this peaceless world. Your life here on earth is passing. Pray that through prayer you may yearn for Heaven and the things of Heaven and your hearts will see everything differently. You are not alone; I am with you and intercede before my Son Jesus for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

May 13, 2017 Fatima Centennial (through October)

May 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I am calling you to pray, not to ask for, but to offer sacrifice -- sacrificing yourselves. I am calling you to reveal the truth and merciful love. I am praying to my Son for you, for your faith, which is all the more diminishing in your hearts. I am imploring Him to help you with the divine spirit, as I also desire to help you with my motherly spirit. My children, you must be better. Only those who are pure, humble and filled with love sustain the world -- they are saving themselves and the world. My children, my Son is the heart of the world. He should be loved and prayed to, and not always betrayed anew. Therefore, you, apostles of my love, spread the faith in the hearts of people by your example, your prayer and merciful love. I am beside you, I will help you. Pray for your shepherds to have all the more light, so as to be able to illuminate all those who live in darkness. Thank you."

April 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Love, pray and witness my presence to all those who are far away. By your witness and example, you can draw closer the hearts that are far from God and His grace. I am with you and intercede for each of you so that, with love and resoluteness, you may witness and encourage all those who are far from my Immaculate Heart. Thank you for having responded to my call."

April, 02, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children, apostles of my love, it is up to you to spread the love of my Son to all those who have not come to know it; you, the little lights of the world, whom I am teaching with motherly love to shine clearly with full brilliance. Prayer will help you, because prayer saves you, prayer saves the world. Therefore, my children, pray with words, feelings, merciful love and sacrifice. My Son has shown you the way - He who became incarnate and made of me the first chalice, with His exalted sacrifice He has shown you how you need to love. Therefore, my children, do not be afraid to speak the truth. Do not be afraid to change yourself and the world by spreading love, by doing everything for my Son to be known and loved by loving others in Him. As a mother I am always with you. I am imploring my Son to help you for love to reign in your life - love that lives, love that draws, love which gives life. I am teaching you such love - pure love. It is up to you, my apostles, to recognize it, live it and spread it. Pray with feeling for your shepherds so that they can witness my Son with love. Thank you."

March 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! In this time of grace, I am calling all of you to open your hearts to God's mercy, to begin a new life through prayer, penance and a decision for holiness. This time of spring moves you to a new life, to a renewal, in your thoughts and hearts. Therefore, little children, I am with you to help you to say 'yes' to God and to God's commandments with resoluteness. You are not alone; I am with you through the grace which the Most High gives me for you and your descendants. Thank you for having responded to my call."

March 18, 2017 Annual Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children! My motherly desire is for your hearts to be filled with peace, and for your souls to be pure so that in the presence of my Son you could see His face. Because, my children, as a mother I know that you thirst for consolation, hope and protection. You, my children, consciously and unconsciously are seeking my Son. I also, as I passed the time on earth, rejoiced, suffered and patiently endured pains, until my Son, in all His glory, removed them. And that is why I am saying to my Son: help them always. You, my children, with true love, illuminate the darkness of selfishness which all the more envelopes my children. Be generous. May both your hands and heart always be open. Do not be afraid. Abandon yourselves to my Son with trust and hope. As you look towards Him, live life with love. To love means to give oneself, to endure, and never to judge. To love means to live the words of my Son. My children, as a mother I am speaking to you: only true love leads to eternal happiness. Thank you."

March 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, With motherly love I am coming to help you to have more love and that means more faith. I am coming to help you to live with love the words of my Son, so that the world would be different. Therefore, apostles of my love, I am gathering you around myself. Look at me with the heart, speak to me as to a mother about your pains, sufferings and your joys. Ask me to pray to my Son for you. My Son is merciful and just. My motherly heart would desire for you also to be like that. My motherly heart would desire that you, apostles of my love, speak of my Son and of me to all those around you with your life; so that the world would be different; that simplicity and purity would return; that faith and hope would return. Therefore, my children, pray, pray, pray with the heart, pray with love, pray with good works. Pray that everyone would come to know my Son, so that the world would change, that the world would be saved. With love live the words of my Son. Do not judge, instead love one another so that my heart could triumph. Thank you."

February 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am calling you to profoundly live your faith and to implore the Most High to strengthen it, so that winds and storms cannot break it. May the roots of your faith be prayer and hope in eternal life. Already now, little children, work on yourselves in this time of grace, wherein God is giving you the grace - through renunciation and the call to conversion - to be people of clear and persevering faith and hope. Thank you for having responded to my call."

February 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, you who are striving to offer every day of your life to my Son, you who are trying to live with Him, you who are praying and sacrificing - you are hope in this peaceless world. You are rays of the light of my Son, a living gospel, and you are my beloved apostles of love. My Son is with you. He is with those who think of Him - those who pray. But in the same way, He is patiently waiting for those who do not know Him. Therefore, you, apostles of my love, pray with the heart and with your works show the love of my Son. This is the only hope for you, and this is also the only way to eternal life. I, as a mother, I am here with you. Your prayers directed to me are the most beautiful roses of love for me. I cannot but be where I sense the scent of roses. There is hope. Thank you."

January 25, 2017 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am calling you to pray for peace: peace in human hearts, peace in the families and peace in the world. Satan is strong and wants to turn all of you against God, and to return you to everything that is human, and to destroy in the heart all feelings towards God and the things of God. You, little children, pray and fight against materialism, modernism and egoism, which the world offers to you. Little children, you decide for holiness and I, with my Son Jesus, intercede for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

January 2, 2017 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, My Son was the source of love and light when he spoke on earth to the people of all peoples. My apostles, follow His light. This is not easy. You must be little. You must make yourselves smaller than others; with the help of faith to be filled with His love. Not a single person on earth can experience a miraculous experience without faith. I am with you. I am making myself known to you by these comings, by these words; I desire to witness to you my love and motherly care. My children, do not waste time posing questions to which you never receive an answer. At the end of your journey on earth, the Heavenly Father will give them to you. Always know that God knows everything; God sees, God loves. My most beloved Son illuminates lives, dispels darkness; and my motherly love which carries me to you is inexpressible, mysterious but real. I am expressing my feelings to you: love, understanding and motherly benevolence. Of you, my apostles, I am asking for your roses of prayer which need to be acts of love. To my motherly heart these are the dearest prayers. I offer these to my Son who was born for your sake. He looks at you and hears you. We are always close to you. This is the love which calls, unites, converts, encourages and fulfills. Therefore, my apostles, always love one another and above all, love my Son. This is the only way to salvation, to eternal life. This is my dearest prayer which fills my heart with the most beautiful scent of roses. Pray, always pray for your shepherds that they may have the strength to be the light of my Son. Thank you."

December 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! With great joy, today I am carrying my Son Jesus to you, for Him to give you His peace. Open your hearts, little children, and be joyful that you can receive it. Heaven is with you and is fighting for peace in your hearts, in the families and in the world; and you, little children, help with your prayers for it to be so. I bless you with my Son Jesus and call you not to lose hope; and for your gaze and heart to always be directed towards Heaven and eternity. In this way, you will be open to God and to His plans. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 25, 2016 Message to Jakov
At the last daily apparition to Jakov Colo on September 12th, 1998, Our Lady told him that henceforth he would have one apparition a year, every December 25th, on Christmas Day. This is also how it was this year. The apparition began at 2:20 pm and lasted 10 minutes. Afterwards Jakov transmitted this message:
"Dear children! Today, on this day of grace, in a special way, I am calling you to pray for peace. Children, I came here as the Queen of Peace and how many times have I called you to pray for peace. But, children, your hearts are restless. Sin is preventing you from opening yourselves completely to grace and peace which God desires to give you. To live peace, my children, is to first have peace in your hearts and to be surrendered completely to God and to His will. Do not seek peace and joy in the things of this world, because this is all passing. Long for true mercy and peace which come only from God; and only in this way will your hearts be filled with true joy; and only in this way will you be able to become witnesses of peace in this peaceless world. I am your mother and intercede before my Son for each of you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, my motherly heart is crying as I am looking at what my children are doing. Sins are multiplying, the purity of soul is all the less important; my Son is being forgotten - honored all the less; and my children are being persecuted. That is why, you my children, apostles of my love, with soul and heart invoke the name of my Son. He will have the words of light for you. He manifests Himself to you, He breaks the bread with you and gives you the words of love so that you may transform them into merciful acts and, thus, be witnesses of truth. That is why, my children, do not be afraid. Permit my Son to be in you. He will make use of you to care for the wounded and to convert lost souls. Therefore, my children, return to the prayer of the Rosary. Pray it with feelings of goodness, sacrifice and mercy. Pray, not only with words, but with merciful acts. Pray with love for all people. My Son, by His sacrifice, exalted love. Therefore, live with Him so that you may have strength and hope; that you may have the love which is life and which leads to eternal life. Through God's love, I am also with you, and will lead you with motherly love. Thank you." Mirjana said that Our Lady was very sad.

November 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today, I am calling you to return to prayer. In this time of grace, God has permitted me to lead you towards holiness and a simple life - that in little things you discover God the Creator; that you fall in love with Him; and that your life be a thanksgiving to the Most High for everything He is giving you. Little children, in love, may your life be a gift for others and God will bless you; but you, witness without interest - out of love for God. I am with you and intercede before my Son for all of you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

November 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, to come to you and to make myself known to you is a great joy for my motherly heart. It is a gift from my Son for you and for others who are coming. As a mother I am calling you: love my Son above everything. In order to love Him with all your heart, you need to come to know Him. You will come to know Him through prayer. Pray with the heart and with your feelings. To pray means to think of His love and sacrifice. To pray means to love, to give, to suffer and to offer. I am calling you, my children, to be apostles of prayer and love. My children, it is a time of vigilance. In this vigil I am calling you to prayer, love and trust. As my Son will be looking in your hearts, my motherly heart desires for Him to see unconditional trust and love in them. The united love of my apostles will live, will conquer and will expose evil. My children, I was a chalice of the God-man; I was God's instrument. That is why I am calling you, my apostles, to be a chalice of the true and pure love of my Son. I am calling you to be an instrument through which all those who have not come to know the love of God - who have never loved - may comprehend, accept and be saved. Thank you, my children."

October 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am calling you: pray for peace. Leave selfishness and live the messages which I am giving you. Without them, you cannot change your life. By living prayer, you will have peace. By living in peace, you will feel the need to witness, because you will discover God whom you now feel to be far away. Therefore, little children, pray, pray, pray and permit God to enter into your hearts. Return to fasting and confession so as to overcome the evil in you and around you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

October 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, the Holy Spirit, according to the Heavenly Father, made me the mother - the mother of Jesus - and by this alone, also your mother. That is why I am coming to hear you, that I may open my motherly arms to you; to give you my heart and to call you to remain with me, because from the top of the cross my Son entrusted you to me. Unfortunately, many of my children have not come to know the love of my Son; many of them do not want to come to know Him. Oh, my children, how much bad is done by those who must see or interpret in order to come to believe. That is why, you, my children, my apostles, in the silence of your heart, listen to the voice of my Son, so that your heart may be His home, that it may not be dark and sad, but that it may be illuminated with the light of my Son. Seek hope with faith, because faith is the life of the soul. Anew I am calling you: pray, pray to live faith in humility, in spiritual peace, and illuminated by the light. My children, do not strive to comprehend everything immediately, because I also did not comprehend everything immediately; but I loved, and I believed in the divine words which my Son spoke - He who was the first light and the beginning of redemption. Apostles of my love - you who pray, sacrifice yourselves, love and do not judge - you go and spread the truth, the words of my Son, the Gospel, because you are the living Gospel; you are the rays of the light of my Son. My Son and I will be with you to encourage you and to test you. My children, always implore the blessing of those, and only of those whose hands have been blessed by my Son, of your shepherds. Thank you."

September 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today, I am calling you to prayer. May prayer be life to you. Only in this way will your heart be filled with peace and joy. God will be near you and you will feel Him in your heart as a friend. You will speak with Him as with someone whom you know and, little children, you will have a need to witness, because Jesus will be in your heart and you, united in Him. I am with you and love all of you with my motherly love. Thank you for having responded to my call."

September 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, according to the will of my Son and my motherly love, I am coming to you, my children, but especially to those who have not yet come to know the love of my Son. I am coming to you who think of me and who invoke me. To you, I am giving my motherly love and I am carrying the blessing of my Son. Do you have pure and open hearts, and do you see the gifts, the signs of my presence and love? My children, in your earthly life, be led by my example. My life was pain, silence and immeasurable faith and trust in the Heavenly Father. Nothing is by chance: neither pain, nor joy, nor suffering, nor love. All of these are graces which my Son grants to you and which lead you to eternal life. Of you, my Son asks for love and prayer in Him. As a mother I will teach you: to love and to pray in Him means to pray in the silence of your soul and not only reciting with your lips; it is even the least beautiful gesture done in the name of my Son - it is patience, mercy, the acceptance of pain and sacrifice done for the sake of another. My children, my Son is looking at you. Pray that you also may see His face and that it may be revealed to you. My children, I am revealing to you the only and real truth. Pray that you may comprehend it and be able to spread love and hope; that you may be able to be apostles of my love. In a special way, my motherly heart loves the shepherds. Pray for their blessed hands. Thank you."

August 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I desire to share Heavenly joy with you. You, little children, open the door of your heart so that hope, peace and love, which only God gives, may grow in your heart. Little children, you are too bound to the earth and earthly things, that is why, Satan is rolling you like the wind rolls the waves of the sea. Therefore, may the chain of your life be prayer with the heart and Adoration of my Son Jesus. Give over your future to Him so that, in Him, you may be joy and an example with your lives to others. Thank you for having responded to my call."

August 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I have come to you - among you - for you to give me your concerns so that I may offer them to my Son; that I may intercede for you before Him for your good. I know that each of you has his concerns, his trials. Therefore I am inviting you in a motherly way: come to the table of my Son. He is breaking bread for you; He is giving Himself to you; He is giving you hope; He is asking for more faith, hope and serenity from you. He is seeking of you to battle within against egoism, judgement and human weaknesses. Therefore, as a mother, I am saying: pray; because prayer gives you strength for the interior battle. My Son, when He was little, often said to me that there will be many who will love me and call me 'mother'. Among you, I feel love. Thank you. For the sake of that love I am imploring my Son that none of you, my children, will return home the same as he came; that you may take with you all the more hope, mercy and love; that you may be my apostles of love who will witness with their lives that the Heavenly Father is the source of life and not of death. Dear children, anew, in a motherly way I am imploring you, pray for the chosen ones of my Son, for their blessed hands - for your shepherds - that they may preach my Son with all the more love and in this way bring about conversions. Thank you."

July 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! I am looking at you and I see you lost; and you do not have prayer or joy in your heart. Return to prayer, little children, and put God in the first place and not man. Do not lose the hope which I am carrying to you. May this time, little children, every day, be a greater seeking of God in the silence of your heart; and pray, pray, pray until prayer becomes joy for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

July 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, my real, living presence among you should make you happy because this is the great love of my Son. He is sending me among you so that, with a motherly love, I may grant you safety; that you may comprehend that pain and joy, suffering and love, make your soul live intensely; that I may call you anew to glorify the Heart of Jesus, the heart of faith, the Eucharist. From day to day through the centuries, my Son, alive, returns among you - He returns to you, though He has never left you. When one of you, my children, returns to Him, my motherly heart leaps with joy. Therefore, my children, return to the Eucharist, to my Son. The way to my Son is difficult, full of renunciations, but at the end, there is always the light. I understand your pains and sufferings, and with motherly love I wipe your tears. Trust in my Son, because He will do for you what you would not even know how to ask for. You, my children, you should be concerned only for your soul, because it is the only thing on earth that belongs to you. You will bring it, dirty or clean, before the Heavenly Father. Remember, faith in the love of my Son will always be rewarded. I implore you, in a special way, to pray for those whom my Son called to live according to Him and to love their flock. Thank you."

June 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Give thanks to God with me for the gift of my being with you. Pray, little children, and live God's commandments that it may be good for you on earth. Today, on this day of grace, I desire to give you my motherly blessing of peace and of my love. I intercede for you with my Son and call you to persevere in prayer so that, with you, I can realize my plans. Thank you for having responded to my call."

June 25, 2016 Annual Apparition to Ivanka
The visionary Ivanka Ivankovic-Elez had her regular annual apparition on June 25th 2016. At her last daily apparition on May 7, 1985, Our Lady confided to Ivanka the 10th secret and told her that she would have an apparition once a year on the anniversary of the apparitions. It was that way also this year.

The apparition, which lasted 4 minutes, took place at Ivanka's family home. Only Ivanka's family was present at the apparition. After the apparition, Ivanka said: Our Lady gave the following message: "Little children, pray, pray, pray." Our Lady was joyful and blessed all of us with her motherly blessing.

June 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, as the Mother of the Church, as your mother, I am smiling as I look at you: how you are coming to me, how you are gathering around me, how you are seeking me. My comings among you are proof of how much Heaven loves you. They indicate to you the way to eternal life, to salvation. My apostles, you who strive to have a pure heart and to have my Son in it, you are on the good way. You who are seeking my Son are seeking the good way. He left many signs of His love. He left hope. It is easy to find Him if you are ready for sacrifice and penance - if you have patience, mercy and love for your neighbors. Many of my children do not see and do not hear because they do not want to. They do not accept my words and my works, yet through me, my Son calls everyone. His Spirit illuminates all of my children in the light of the Heavenly Father, in the unity of Heaven and Earth, in mutual love - because love invokes love and makes works more important than words. Therefore, my apostles, pray for your Church, love it and do works of love. No matter how betrayed or wounded, it is here because it comes from the Heavenly Father. Pray for your shepherds so that in them you may see the greatness of the love of my Son. Thank you."

May 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! My presence is a gift from God for all of you and an encouragement for conversion. Satan is strong and wants to put disorder and unrest in your hearts and thoughts. Therefore, you, little children, pray so that the Holy Spirit may lead you on the real way of joy and peace. I am with you and intercede before my Son for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

May 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, my motherly heart desires your true conversion and a firm faith so that you may be able to spread love and peace to all those who surround you. But, my children, do not forget: each of you is a unique world before the Heavenly Father. Therefore, permit the continuous working of the Holy Spirit to work on you. Be my spiritually pure children. In spirituality is beauty. Everything that is spiritual is alive and very beautiful. Do not forget that in the Eucharist, which is the heart of faith, my Son is always with you. He comes to you and breaks bread with you; because, my children, for your sake He died, He resurrected and is coming anew. These words of mine are familiar to you because they are the truth, and the truth does not change. It is only that many of my children have forgotten it. My children, my words are neither old nor new, they are eternal. Therefore, I invite you, my children, to observe well the signs of the times, to 'gather the shattered crosses' and to be apostles of the revelation. Thank you."

April 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! My Immaculate Heart bleeds as I look at you in sin and sinful habits. I am calling you: return to God and to prayer that it may be good for you on earth. God is calling you through me for your hearts to be hope and joy for all those who are far away. May my call be for you a balm for the soul and heart so that you may glorify God, the Creator, who loves you and is calling you to eternity. Little children, life is short; you, make good use of this time and do what is good. Thank you for having responded to my call."

April 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, do not have hearts that are hard, closed and filled with fear. Permit my motherly love to illuminate them and fill them with love and hope; so that, as a mother, I may soothe your pains because I know them, I experienced them. Pain elevates and is the greatest prayer. My Son, in a special way, loves those who suffer pains. He sent me to soothe them for you and bring hope. Trust in Him. I know that it is difficult for you because you see more and more darkness around you. My children, it is necessary to break it by prayer and love. The one who prays and loves is not afraid, he has hope and a merciful love, he sees the light and sees my Son. As my apostles, I call you to keep trying to be an example of merciful love and hope. Always pray anew for all the more love because merciful love brings light which breaks every darkness - it brings my Son. Do not be afraid, you are not alone, I am with you. I implore you to pray for your shepherds that at every moment they may have love, that they may work for my Son with love - through Him and in memory of Him. Thank you."

March 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am carrying my love to you. God permitted me to love you and, out of love, to call you to conversion. You, little children, are poor in love and you still have not comprehended that my Son Jesus, out of love, gave His life to save you and to give you eternal life. Therefore pray, little children, pray so that in prayer you may comprehend God's love. Thank you for having responded to my call."

March 18th, 2016 Annual Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, with a motherly heart filled with love for you, my children, I desire to teach you complete trust in God the Father. I desire for you to learn by an internal gaze and internal listening to follow God's will. I desire for you to learn to boundlessly trust in His mercy and His love, as I always trusted. Therefore, my children, cleanse your hearts. Free yourselves from everything that binds you to only what is earthly and permit what is of God to form your life by your prayer and sacrifice so that God's Kingdom may be in your heart; that you may begin to live proceeding from God the Father; that you may always strive to walk with my Son. But for all of this, my children, you must be poor in spirit and filled with love and mercy. You must have pure and simple hearts and always be ready to serve. My children, listen to me, I speak for your salvation. Thank you."

March 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, My coming to you is a gift from the Heavenly Father for you. Through His love I am coming to help you to find the way to the truth, to find the way to my Son. I am coming to confirm the truth to you. I desire to remind you of the words of my Son. He pronounced words of salvation for the entire world, the words of love for everyone - that love which He proved by His sacrifice. But even today, many of my children do not know Him, they do not want to come to know Him, they are indifferent. Because of their indifference my heart suffers painfully. My Son has always been in the Father. By being born on earth He brought the divine and from me received the human. With Him the word came among us. With Him came the light of the world which penetrates hearts, illuminates them and fills them with love and consolation. My children, all those who love my Son can see Him, because His face can be seen through the souls which are filled with love for Him. Therefore, my children, my apostles, listen to me. Leave vanity and selfishness. Do not live only for what is earthly and material. Love my Son and make it so that others may see His face through your love for Him. I will help you to come to know Him all the more. I will speak to you about Him. Thank you."

February 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! In this time of grace, I am calling all of you to conversion. Little children, you love little and pray even less. You are lost and do not know what your goal is. Take the cross, look at Jesus and follow Him. He gives Himself to you to the death on the cross, because He loves you. Little children, I am calling you: return to prayer with the heart so as to find hope and the meaning of your existence, in prayer. I am with you and am praying for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

February 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I have called you and am calling you anew to come to know my Son, to come to know the truth. I am with you and am praying for you to succeed. My children, you must pray much in order to have all the more love and patience; to know how to endure sacrifice and to be poor in spirit. Through the Holy Spirit, my Son is always with you. His Church is born in every heart that comes to know Him. Pray that you can come to know my Son; pray that your soul may be one with Him. That is the prayer and the love which draws others and makes you my apostles. I am looking at you with love, with a motherly love. I know you; I know your pain and sorrows, because I also suffered in silence. My faith gave me love and hope. I repeat, the Resurrection of my Son and my Assumption into Heaven is hope and love for you. Therefore, my children, pray to come to know the truth; to have firm faith which will lead your heart and which will transform your pain and sufferings into love and hope. Thank you."

January 25, 2016 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today I am calling all of you to prayer. You cannot live without prayer, because prayer is a chain which brings you closer to God. Therefore, little children, in humility of heart return to God and to His commandments so that with all of your heart you are able to say: as it is in Heaven so may it be on earth. You, little children, are free to in freedom decide for God or against Him. See where Satan wants to pull you into sin and slavery. Therefore, little children, return to my heart so that I can lead you to my Son Jesus who is the Way, the Truth and the Life. Thank you for having responded to my call."

January 2, 2016 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, as a mother, I am joyful to be among you because I desire to speak anew about the words of my Son and of His love. I hope that you will accept me with the heart, because the words of my Son and His love are the only light and hope in the darkness of today. This is the only truth and you who will accept and live it will have pure and humble hearts. My Son loves those who are pure and humble. Pure and humble hearts bring to life the words of my Son, they live them, they spread them and they make it possible for everyone to hear them. The words of my Son bring back life to those who listen to them. The words of my Son bring back love and hope. Therefore, my beloved apostles, my children, live the words of my Son. Love each other as He loved you. Love each other in His name, in memory of Him. The Church is advancing and growing because of those who listen to the words of my Son; because of those who love; because of those who suffer and endure in silence and in the hope of final redemption. Therefore, my beloved children, may the words of my Son and His love be the first and the last thought of your day. Thank you."

December 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today I am carrying my Son Jesus to you and from this embrace I am giving you His peace and a longing for Heaven. I am praying with you for peace and am calling you to be peace. I am blessing all of you with my motherly blessing of peace. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 25, 2015 Annual Apparition to Jakov
"Dear children! All these years that God permits me to be with you are a sign of the immeasurable love which God has for each one of you and a sign of how much God loves you. Little children, how many graces the Most High has given to you and how many graces he desires to give to you. But, little children, your hearts are closed and live in fear, and do not permit Jesus to have His love and His peace overcome your hearts and to begin to reign in your lives. To live without God means to live in darkness and never to come to know the Father's love and His care for each of you. Therefore, little children, today in a special way pray to Jesus that as of today your life may experience a new birth in God and become a light which will radiate from within you, and thus that you may become witnesses of God's presence in the world to every person who lives in darkness. Little children, I love you and daily intercede before the Most High for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 02, 2015 Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children, I am always with you because my Son entrusted you to me. And you, my children, you need me, you are seeking me, you are coming to me and you are bringing joy to my motherly heart. I have, and always will have, love for you; for you who suffer and who offer your pains and sufferings to my Son and to me. My love seeks the love of all of my children, and my children seek my love. Through love, Jesus seeks unity between Heaven and earth; between the Heavenly Father and you, my children - His Church. Therefore, it is necessary to pray much, to pray and love the Church to which you belong. Now, the Church is suffering and needs apostles who by loving unity, by witnessing and giving, show the ways of God. The Church needs apostles who by living the Eucharist with the heart do great works; it needs you, my apostles of love. My children, from the very beginning the Church was persecuted and betrayed, but day by day it grew. It is indestructible because my Son gave it a heart - the Eucharist, and the light of His resurrection shone and will continue to shine upon it. Therefore, do not be afraid. Pray for your shepherds that they may have the strength and the love to be bridges of salvation. Thank you."

November 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Today I am calling all of you: pray for my intentions. Peace is in danger, therefore, little children, pray and be carriers of peace and hope in this restless world where Satan is attacking and tempting in every way. Little children, be firm in prayer and courageous in faith. I am with you and intercede before my Son Jesus for all of you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

November 02, 2015 Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children, anew I desire to speak to you about love. I have gathered you around me in the name of my Son according to His will. I desire that your faith be firm, flowing forth from love. Because, those of my children who understand the love of my Son and follow it, live in love and hope. They have come to know the love of God. Therefore, my children, pray, pray so as to be able to love all the more and to do works of love. Because, faith alone without love and works of love is not what I am asking of you: my children, this is an illusion of faith. It is a boasting of self. My Son seeks faith and works, love and goodness. I am praying, and I am also asking you to pray, and to live love; because I desire that my Son, when He looks at the hearts of all of my children, can see love and goodness in them and not hatred and indifference. My children, apostles of my love, do not lose hope, do not lose strength. You can do this. I am encouraging and blessing you. Because all that is of this world, which many of my children, unfortunately, put in the first place, will disappear; and only love and works of love will remain and open the door of the Kingdom of Heaven. I will wait for you at this door. At this door, I desire to welcome and embrace all of my children. Thank you!"

October 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today, my prayer is for all of you, especially for all those who have become hard of heart to my call. You are living in the days of grace and are not conscious of the gifts which God is giving to you through my presence. Little children, decide also today for holiness and take the example of the saints of this time and you will see that holiness is a reality for all of you. Rejoice in the love, little children, that in the eyes of God you are unrepeatable and irreplaceable, because you are God's joy in this world. Witness peace, prayer and love. Thank you for having responded to my call."

October 02, 2015 Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children, I am here among you to encourage you, to fill you with my love and to call you anew to be witnesses of the love of my Son. Many of my children do not have hope, they do not have peace, they do not have love. They are seeking my Son, but do not know how and where to find Him. My Son is opening wide His arms to them, and you are to help them to come to His embrace. My children, that is why you must pray for love. You must pray very, very much to have all the more love, because love conquers death and makes life last. Apostles of my love, my children, with an honest and simple heart unite in prayer regardless of how far you are from each other. Encourage each other in spiritual growth as I am encouraging you. I am watching over you and am with you whenever you think of me. Pray also for your shepherds, for those who renounced everything for the sake of my Son and for your sake. Love them and pray for them. The Heavenly Father is listening to your prayers. Thank you."

September 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today I am praying to the Holy Spirit to fill your hearts with a strong faith. Prayer and faith will fill your heart with love and joy and you will be a sign for those who are far from God. Little children, encourage each other to prayer with the heart, so that prayer may fulfill your life; and each day, you, little children, will be, above all, witnesses of serving God in adoration and of your neighbor in need. I am with you and intercede for all of you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

September 02, 2015 Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children, My dear apostles of love, my carriers of truth, again I am calling you and gathering you around me to help me, to help all of my children who thirst for love and truth - who thirst for my Son. I am a grace from the Heavenly Father, sent to help you to live the word of my Son.
Love one another. I lived your earthly life. I know that it is not always easy, but if you will love each other, you will pray with the heart, you will reach spiritual heights and the way to heaven will be opened for you. I, your mother, am waiting for you there because I am there. Be faithful to my Son and teach others faithfulness. I am with you. I will help you. I will teach you faith that you may know how to transmit it to others in the right way. I will teach you truth that you may know how to discern. I will teach you love that you may come to know what real love is. My children, my Son will make it so as to speak through your words and your actions. Thank you."

August 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today I am calling you to be prayer. May prayer be for you the wings for an encounter with God. The world is in a moment of trial, because it forgot and abandoned God. Therefore you, little children, be those who seek and love God above all. I am with you and I am leading you to my Son, but you must say your 'yes' in the freedom of children of God. I intercede for you and I love you, little children, with an endless love. Thank you for having responded to my call."

August 02, 2015 Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children, I, as a mother who loves her children, see how difficult the time in which you live is. I see your suffering, but you need to know that you are not alone. My Son is with you. He is everywhere. He is invisible, but you can see Him if you live Him. He is the light which illuminates your soul and gives you peace. He is the Church which you need to love and to always pray and fight for - but not only with words, instead with acts of love. My children, bring it about for everyone to come to know my Son, bring it about that He may be loved, because the truth is in my Son born of God - the Son of God. Do not waste time deliberating too much; you will distance yourselves from the truth. With a simple heart accept His word and live it. If you live His word, you will pray. If you live His word, you will love with a merciful love; you will love each other. The more that you will love, the farther away you will be from death. For those who will live the word of my Son and who will love, death will be life. Thank you. Pray to be able to see my Son in your shepherds. Pray to be able to embrace Him in them."

July 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! With joy I am with you also today and I call all of you, little children, pray, pray, pray so as to comprehend the love which I have for you. My love is stronger than evil, little children, therefore draw closer to God so as to feel my joy in God. Without God, little children, you do not have a future, you do not have hope or salvation; therefore leave evil and choose good. I am with you and, with you, I intercede before God for all of your needs. Thank you for having responded to my call."

July 02, 2015 Apparition to Mirjana
"Dear children, I am calling you to spread the faith in my Son - your faith. You, my children illuminated by the Holy Spirit, my apostles, transmit it to others - to those who do not believe, who do not know, who do not want to know - but for that you must pray a lot for the gift of love, because love is the mark of true faith - and you will be apostles of my love. Love always, anew, revives the pain and the joy of the Eucharist, it revives the pain of the Passion of my Son, by which He showed you what it means to love immeasurably; it revives the joy for having left you His body and blood to feed you with Himself - and in this way, to be one with you. Looking at you with tenderness, I feel immeasurable love which strengthens me in my desire to bring you to a firm faith. Firm faith will give you joy and happiness on earth and in the end the encounter with my Son. This is His desire. Therefore, live Him, live love, live the light that always illuminates you in the Eucharist. I implore you to pray a lot for your shepherds, to pray so as to have all the more love for them because my Son gave them to you to feed you with His body and to teach you love. Therefore, also you are to love them. But, my children, remember, love means to endure and to give, and never, ever to judge. Thank you."

June 25th 2015 Annual Apparition to Ivanka Ivankovic-Elez
"Peace, peace, peace."

May 7, 1985 At her last daily apparition on May 7, 1985, Our Lady confided to Ivanka the 10th secret and told her that she would have an apparition once a year on the anniversary of the apparitions. It was that way also this year.
The apparition, which lasted 4 minutes, took place at Ivanka's family home. Only Ivanka's family was present at the apparition. After the apparition, Ivanka said: "Our Lady gave us her motherly blessing and said: Peace, peace, peace."

June 2, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children, I desire to work through you, my children, my apostles, so that, in the end, I may gather all my children there where everything is prepared for your happiness. I am praying for you, that through works you can convert others, because the time has come for acts of truth, for my Son. My love will work in you - I will make use of you. Have trust in me, because everything that I desire, I desire for your good, the eternal good created by the Heavenly Father. You, my children, my apostles, are living an earthly life in union with my children who have not come to know the love of my Son, who do not call me 'mother' - but do not be afraid to witness Truth. If you are not afraid and witness courageously, the truth will miraculously win, but remember, strength is in love. My children, love is repentance, forgiveness, prayer, sacrifice and mercy. If you will know how to love, by your works you will convert others, you will enable the light of my Son to penetrate into souls. Thank you. Pray for your shepherds. They belong to my Son. He called them. Pray that they may always have the strength and the courage to shine with the light of my Son."

May 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today I am with you and with joy I call all of you: pray and believe in the power of prayer. Open your hearts, little children, so that God may fill you with His love and you will be a joy to others. Your witness will be powerful and everything you do will be interwoven with God's tenderness. I am with you and I pray for you and your conversion until you put God in the first place. Thank you for having responded to my call."

May 2, 2015 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, open your hearts and try to feel how much I love you and how much I desire for you to love my Son. I desire for you to come to know Him all the better, because it is impossible to know Him and not to love Him - because He is love. I, my children, know you. I know your pain and suffering because I lived through them. I laugh with you in your joy and I cry with you in your pain. I will never leave you. I will always speak to you with motherly tenderness. And I, as a mother, need your open hearts to spread the love of my Son with wisdom and simplicity. I need you to be open and sensitive to the good and mercy. I need you to be united with my Son, because I desire for you to be happy and to help me to bring happiness to all of my children. My apostles, I need you to show everyone the truth of God, so that my heart, which suffered and today suffers so much pain, can win in love. Pray for the holiness of your shepherds, so that in the name of my Son they can work miracles, because holiness works miracles. Thank you."

April 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! I am with you also today to lead you to salvation. Your soul is restless because your spirit is weak and tired from all worldly things. You, little children, pray to the Holy Spirit that He may transform you and fill you with His strength of faith and hope, so that you may be firm in this battle against evil. I am with you and intercede for you before my Son Jesus. Thank you for having responded to my call."

April 2, 2015 Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I have chosen you, my apostles, because all of you carry something beautiful within you. You can help me to have the love, for the sake of which my Son died and then resurrected, win anew. Therefore, I am calling you, my apostles, to try to see something good in every creature of God, in all of my children, and to try to understand them. My children, you are all brothers and sisters through the same Holy Spirit. You, filled with love for my Son, can speak of what you know to all those who have not come to know that love. You have come to know the love of my Son, you have comprehended His Resurrection, with joy you cast your gaze towards Him. My motherly desire is for all of my children to be united in love for Jesus. Therefore, I am calling you, my apostles, to live the Eucharist with joy, because in the Eucharist my Son gives Himself to you anew and with His example shows the love and sacrifice towards the neighbor. Thank you."

March 25, 2015 Message to Marija
"Dear children! Also today the Most High permits me to be with you and to lead you on the way of conversion. Many hearts have shut themselves to grace and have become deaf to my call. You, little children, pray and fight against temptation and all the evil plans which the devil offers you through modernism. Be strong in prayer and with the cross in your hands pray that evil may not use you and may not conquer in you. I am with you and pray for you. Thank you for having responded to my call."

March 18, 2015 Annual Message to Mirjana
"Dear children! With a full heart I am asking you, I am imploring you children: cleanse your hearts of sin and lift them up to God and to eternal life. I am imploring you: be vigilant and open for truth. Do not permit for all that is of this earth to distance you from the true cognition of the contentment in the communion with my Son. I am leading you on the way of true wisdom, because only with true wisdom can you come to know true peace and the true good. Do not waste time asking for signs of the Heavenly Father, because He has already given you the greatest sign, which is my Son. Therefore, my children, pray so that the Holy Spirit can lead you into truth, can help you to come to know it, and through that knowledge of the truth that you may be one with the Heavenly Father and with my Son. That is the cognition which gives happiness on earth and opens the door of eternal life and infinite love. Thank you."

February 2, 2015 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children! I am here, I am among you. I am looking at you, am smiling at you and I love you in the way that only a mother can. Through the Holy Spirit who comes through my purity, I see your hearts and I offer them to my Son. Already for a long time I have been asking of you to be my apostles, to pray for those who have not come to know God's love. I am asking for prayer said out of love, prayer which carries out works and sacrifices. Do not waste time thinking about whether you are worthy to be my apostles. The Heavenly Father will judge everyone; and you, love Him and listen to Him. I know that all of this confuses you, even my very stay among you, but accept it with joy and pray that you may comprehend that you are worthy to work for Heaven. My love is upon you. Pray that my love may win in all hearts, because that is the love which forgives, gives and never stops. Thank you."

JANUARY 25, 2015  OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  JANUARY  25, 2015
"Dear children! Also today I call you: live your vocation in prayer. Now, as never before, Satan wants to suffocate man and his soul by his contagious wind of hatred and unrest. In many hearts there is no joy because there is no God or prayer. Hatred and war are growing from day to day. I am calling you, little children, begin anew, with enthusiasm, the walk of holiness and love; since I have come among you because of this. Together let us be love and forgiveness for all those who know and want to love only with a human love and not with that immeasurable love of God to which God calls you. Little children, may hope in a better tomorrow always be in your heart. Thank you for having responded to my call."

January 2, 2015 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
Our Lady Queen of Peace Message to Medjugorje Visionary Mirjana
"Dear children, I am here among you as a mother who desires to help you come to know the truth. While I lived your life on earth I had knowledge of the truth, and by this alone, a piece of Heaven on earth. That is why I desire the same for you, my children. The Heavenly Father desires pure hearts filled with the knowledge of the truth. He desires for you to love all those whom you meet, because I also love my Son in all of you. This is the beginning of coming to know the truth. Many false truths are being offered to you. You will overcome them with a heart cleansed by fasting, prayer, penance and the Gospel. This is the only truth and it is the truth which my Son left you. You do not need to examine it much. What is asked of you, as I also have done, is to love and to give. My children, if you love, your heart will be a home for my Son and me, and the words of my Son will be the guiding light in your life. My children, I will make use of you, apostles of love, to help all of my children to come to know the truth. My children, I have always prayed for the Church of my Son, and so I also ask the same of you. Pray that your shepherds may come to shine forth with the love of my Son. Thank you."

DECEMBER 25, 2014  OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  DECEMBER  25, 2014
"Dear children! Also today, in my arms I am carrying my Son Jesus to you and I am asking from Him peace for you and peace among you. Pray to and adore my Son for His peace and joy to enter into your hearts. I am praying for you to be all the more open to prayer. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 14, 2014 Our Lady's Message to Jakov: December 14, 2014
"Dear children! Today, on this day of grace, I desire for each of your hearts to become a little stable of Bethlehem in which the Savior of the world was born. I am your mother who loves you immeasurably and is concerned for each of you. Therefore, my children, abandon yourselves to the mother, so that she may place each of your hearts and lives before little Jesus; because only in this way, my children, your hearts will be witnesses of God's daily birth in you. Permit God to illuminate your lives with light and your hearts with joy, so that you may daily illuminate the way and be an example of true joy to others who live in darkness and are not open to God and His graces. Thank you for having responded to my call."

December 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, Remember - for I am telling you that love will win. I know that many of you are losing hope because around you, you see suffering, pain, jealousy, envy... But, I am your mother. I am in the Kingdom but am also here with you. My Son is sending me anew to help you. Therefore, do not lose hope, instead, follow me - because the victory of my heart is in the name of God. My beloved Son is thinking of you as He has always thought of you. Believe Him and live Him. He is the Life of the world. My children, to live my Son means to live the Gospel. This is not easy. This means love, forgiveness and sacrifice. This purifies and it opens the Kingdom. Sincere prayer, which is not only words but is a prayer which the heart speaks, will help you. Likewise fasting (will help you), because it is still more of love, forgiveness and sacrifice. Therefore, do not lose hope but follow me. I am imploring you anew to pray for your shepherds so that they may always look to my Son who was the first Shepherd of the world and whose family was the entire world. Thank you."

NOVEMBER 25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  NOVEMBER  25, 2014
"Dear children! In a special way, today I am calling you to prayer. Pray, little children, so that you may comprehend who you are and where you need to go. Be carriers of the good news and be people of hope. Be love for all those who are without love. Little children, you will be everything and will achieve everything only if you pray and are open to God's will -- to God who desires to lead you towards eternal life. I am with you and intercede for you from day to day before my Son Jesus. Thank you for having responded to my call."

October 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
Dear children, with motherly love I implore you, love one another. May there be in your hearts, as my Son desired from the very beginning, love for the Heavenly Father and for your neighbor in the first place above everything of this world. My dear children, do you not recognize the signs of the times? Do you not recognize that all of this that is around you, all that is happening, is because there is no love? Comprehend that salvation is in true values. Accept the might of the Heavenly Father, love him and honor him. Walk in the footsteps of my Son. You, my children, my dear apostles, you are always gathering around me anew, because you are thirsty. You thirst for peace, love and happiness. Drink out of my hands. My hands are offering to you my Son who is the spring of clear water. He will bring your faith back to life and purify your hearts, because my Son loves pure hearts and pure hearts love my Son. Only pure hearts are humble and have firm faith. I ask for such hearts of you, my children. My Son told me that I am the mother of the entire world. I ask of those of you who accept me as such to help me, with your life, prayer and sacrifice, for all of my children to accept me as a mother---so that I may lead them to the spring of the clear water. Thank you. My dear children, as your shepherds offer you the Body of my Son with their blessed hands, always in your hearts give thanks to my Son for the Sacrifice and for the shepherds that he always gives you anew. "

SEPTEMBER 25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  SEPTEMBER  25, 2014
"Dear children! Also today I call you to also be like the stars, which by their light give light and beauty to others so they may rejoice. Little children, also you be the radiance, beauty, joy and peace -- and especially prayer -- for all those who are far from my love and the love of my Son Jesus. Little children, witness your faith and prayer in joy, in the joy of faith that is in your hearts; and pray for peace, which is a precious gift from God. Thank you for having responded to my call."

September 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I, your Mother, am coming anew among you out of love which has no end, from endless love of the endless Heavenly Father. And as I am looking into your hearts I see that many of you accept me as a Mother and, with sincere and pure hearts, you desire to be my apostles. But, I am also the Mother of those of you who do not accept me and who, in the hardness of your hearts, do not desire to come to know the love of my Son. And you do not know how much my heart suffers and how much I pray to my Son for you. I pray to him to heal your souls because he can do so. I pray to him to illuminate you with the miracle of the Holy Spirit so that you may stop, always anew, betraying, cursing and wounding him. With all my heart I pray for you to understand that only my Son is the salvation and the light of the world. And you, my children, my dear apostles, always carry my Son in your hearts and thoughts. In this way you are carrying love. All those who do not know him will recognise him in your love. I am always beside you. In a special way I am beside your shepherds because my Son has called them to lead you on the way to eternity. Thank you, my apostles, for your sacrifice and love."

AUGUST 25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  AUGUST 25, 2014

"Dear children! Pray for my intentions, because Satan wants to destroy my plan which I have here and to steal your peace. Therefore, little children, pray, pray, pray that God can act through each of you. May your hearts be open to God's will. I love you and bless you with my motherly blessing. Thank you for having responded to my call."

August 18, 2014 Apparition Message to Medjugorje seer Ivan Dragicevic in Salvaterra, Italy, August 18, 2014
"My dear children, also today I rejoice with all of you. I see your joyful hearts. I also see that these fields are plowed, they are well cultivated, so dear children, just as you work on your hearts, open your hearts to the action of the Holy Spirit because I want to pray and ask for divine graces for you. Persevere in prayer especially at this time when Satan wants to destroy my plans. Be assured, dear children, that the Mother is always so close to you. I pray together with you and intercede before my Son for all of you. Thank you, dear children, because also today you have responded to my call."

August 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, the reason that I am with you, my mission, is to help you for 'good' to win, even though this does not seem possible to you now. I know that you do not understand many things as I also did not understand everything, everything that my Son explained to me while He was growing up alongside me -- but I believed Him and followed Him. I ask this of you also, to believe me and to follow me. However, my children, to follow me means to love my Son above everything, to love Him in every person without making differences. For you to be able to do this, I call you anew to renunciation, prayer and fasting. I am calling you for the Eucharist to be the life of your soul. I am calling you to be my apostles of light who will spread love and mercy through the world. My children, your life is only a blink in contrast to eternal life. And
-----------------------------------------------------
when you come before my Son, in your hearts He will see how much love you had. In order to spread love in the right way, I am asking my Son, through love, to grant you unity through Him, unity among you, unity between you and your shepherds. Through them my Son always gives Himself to you anew and renews your soul. Do not forget this. Thank you."

JULY  25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  
"Dear children! You are not aware of the graces that you are living at this time in which the Most High is giving you signs for you to open and convert. Return to God and to prayer, and may prayer begin to reign in your hearts, families and communities, so that the Holy Spirit may lead and inspire you to every day be more open to God's will and to His plan for each of you. I am with you and with the saints and angels intercede for you. Thank you for having responded to my call"

July 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
Our Lady Queen of Peace Message to Medjugorje Visionary Mirjana
"Dear children, I, the mother of all of you gathered here and the mother of the entire world, am blessing you with a motherly blessing and call you to set out on the way of humility. That way leads to the coming to know the love of my Son. My Son is almighty, He is in everything. If you, my children, do not become cognizant of this, then darkness/blindness rule in your soul. Only humility can heal you. My children, I always lived humbly, courageously and in hope. I knew, I became cognizant that God is in us and we are in God. I am asking the same of you. I desire for all of you to be with me in eternity, because you are a part of me. I will help you on your way. My love will envelop you like a mantle and make of you apostles of my light -- of God's light. With the love that comes forth from humility you will bring light to where darkness/blindness rule. You will be bringing my Son who is the light of the world. I am always alongside your shepherds and I pray that they may always be an example of humility for you. Thank you."

June 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, I call you all and accept you as my children. I am praying that you may accept me and love me as a mother. I have united all of you in my heart, I have descended among you and I bless you. I know that you desire consolation and hope from me because I love you and intercede for you. I ask of you to unite with me in my Son and to be my apostles. For you to be able to do so, I am calling you, anew, to love. There is no love without prayer -- there is no prayer without forgiveness; because love is prayer -- forgiveness is love. My children, God created you to love and you love so as to forgive. Every prayer that comes out of love unites you with my Son and the Holy Spirit; and the Holy Spirit illuminates you and makes you my apostles -- apostles who will do everything they do in the name of the Lord. They will pray with their works and not just with words, because they love my Son and comprehend the way of truth which leads to eternal life. Pray for your shepherds that they may always lead you with a pure heart on the way of truth and love -- the way of my Son. Thank You."

May  25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  
"Dear children! Pray and be aware that without God you are dust. Therefore, turn your thoughts and heart to God and to prayer. Trust in His love. In God's spirit, little children, you are all called to be witnesses. You are precious and I call you, little children, to holiness, to eternal life. Therefore, be aware that this life is passing. I love you and call you to a new life of conversion. Thank you for having responded to my call."

APRIL  25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  
"Dear children! Open your hearts to the grace which God is giving you through me, as a flower that opens to the warm rays of the sun. Be prayer and love for all those who are far from God and His love. I am with you and I intercede for all of you before my Son Jesus, and I love you with immeasurable love. Thank you for having responded to my call."

April 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, with a motherly love I desire to help you for your life of prayer and penance to be a sincere attempt of drawing closer to my Son and His divine light -- that you may know how to separate yourselves from sin. Every prayer, every Mass and every fasting is an attempt of drawing closer to my Son, a reminder of His glory and a refuge from sin -- it is a way to a renewed union of the good Father and His children. Therefore, my dear children, with hearts open and full of love, cry out the name of the Heavenly Father that He may illuminate you with the Holy Spirit. Through the Holy Spirit you will become a spring of God's love. All those who do not know my Son, all those thirsting for the love and peace of my Son, will drink from this spring. Thank you. Pray for your shepherds. I pray for them and I desire that they may always feel the blessing of my motherly hands and the support of my motherly heart."

MARCH  25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  
"Dear children! I am calling you anew: begin the battle against sin as in the first days, go to confession and decide for holiness. The love of God will begin to flow through you into the world, peace will begin to rule in your hearts and God's blessing will fill you. I am with you and intercede for all of you before my Son Jesus. Thank you for having responded to my call."

March 18, 2014 Annual apparition Message of Mirjana
"Dear children! As a mother, I desire to be of help to you. With my motherly love, I desire to help you to open your heart and to put my Son in the first place in it. Through your love for my Son and through your prayer, I desire for God's light to illuminate you and God's mercy to fill you. In this way, I desire for the darkness, and the shadow of death which wants to encompass and mislead you, to be driven away. I desire for you to feel the joy of the blessing of God's promise. You, children of man, you are God's children - you are my children. Therefore, my children, set out on the ways on which my love leads you, teaches you humility and wisdom, and finds the way to the Heavenly Father. Pray with me for those who do not accept me and do not follow me - those who, because of hardness of their hearts, cannot feel the joy of humility, devotion, peace and love -- the joy of my Son. Pray that your shepherds, with their blessed hands, may always give you the joy of God's blessing. Thank you."

March 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children; I am coming to you as a mother and I desire that in me, as in a mother, you may find your abode, consolation and rest. Therefore, my children, apostles of my love, pray. Pray with humble devotion, obedience and complete trust in the Heavenly Father. Trust as I have trusted when it was said to me that I will bring the blessing of the promise. May out of your hearts, from your lips, always come forth 'May your will be done!' Therefore, trust and pray so that I can intercede for you before the Lord, for Him to give you the Heavenly Blessing and fill you with the Holy Spirit. Then He will be able to help all those who do not know the Lord -- you, apostles of my love, will help them to call Him 'Father' with complete trust. Pray for your shepherds and place your trust in their blessed hands. Thank you."

FEBRUARY  25, 2014 OUR  LADY'S  MESSAGE  
"Dear children! You see, hear and feel that in the hearts of many people there is no God. They do not want Him, because they are far from prayer and do not have peace. You, little children, pray - live God's commandments. You be prayer, you who from the very beginning said     yes     to my call. Witness God and my presence and do not forget, little children: I am with you and I love you. From day to day I present you all to my Son Jesus. Thank you for having responded to my call."

January 2, 2014 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
Our Lady Queen of Peace Message to Medjugorje Visionary Mirjana
Dear children; For you to be able to be my apostles and to be able to help all those who are in darkness, to come to know the light of the love of my Son, you must have pure and humble hearts. You can not help for my Son to be born in, and to reign in, the hearts of those who do not know Him, if He does not reign -- if He is not the King -- in your heart. I am with you. I am walking with you as a mother. I am knocking on your hearts. They can not open because they are not humble. I am praying, and you my beloved children also pray, that you may be able to open pure and humble hearts to my Son and to receive the gifts which He has promised you. Then you will be led by the love and strength of my Son. Then, you will be my apostles who everywhere around them spread the fruits of God's love. My Son will act from within you and through you, because you will be "one". My motherly heart yearns for this -- for unity of all of my children -- through my Son. With great love I bless, and pray for those who are chosen by my Son -- for your shepherds. Thank you."

DECEMBER 25, 2013 OUR LADY'S MESSAGE 
"Dear children! I am carrying to you the King of Peace that He may give you His peace. You, little children, pray, pray, pray. The fruit of prayer will be seen on the faces of the people who have decided for God and His Kingdom. I, with my Son Jesus, bless you all with a blessing of peace. Thank you for having responded to my call."

DECEMBER 25, 2013 Our Lady's Message to Jakov:
Dear children, give the gift of your life to me and completely surrender to me so that I may help you to comprehend my motherly love and the love of my Son for you. My children, I love you immeasurably and today, in a special way, on the day of the birth of my Son, I desire to receive each of you into my heart and to give a gift of your lives to my Son. My children, Jesus loves you and gives you the grace to live in His mercy, but sin has overtaken many of your hearts and you live in darkness. Therefore, my children, do not wait, say 'no' to sin and surrender your hearts to my Son, because only in this way will you be able to live God's mercy and, with Jesus in your hearts, set out on the way of salvation.

December 2, 2013 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana
"Dear children, with a motherly love and a motherly patience I am
looking at your ceaseless wandering and how lost you are. That is
why I am with you. I desire to help you to first find and come to
know yourself, so that, then, you would be able to recognize and
to admit everything that does not permit you to get to know the
love of the Heavenly Father, honestly and wholeheartedly. My
children, the Father comes to be known through the cross.
Therefore, do not reject the cross. Strive to comprehend and
accept it with my help. When you will be able to accept the cross
you will also understand the love of the Heavenly Father; you
will walk with my Son and with me; you will differ from those who
have not come to know the love of the Heavenly Father, those who
listen to him but do not understand him, those who do not walk
with him -- who have not come to know him. I desire for you to
come to know the truth of my Son and to be my apostles; that, as
children of God, you may rise above the human way of thinking and
always, and in everything, seek God's way of thinking, anew. My
children, pray and fast that you may be able to recognize all of
this which I am seeking of you. Pray for your shepherds and long
to come to know the love of your Heavenly Father, in union with
them. Thank you.

November 2, 2013 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children; Anew, in a motherly way, I am calling you to love; to continually pray for the gift of love; to love the Heavenly Father above everything. When you love Him you will love yourself and your neighbor. This cannot be separated. The Heavenly Father is in each person. He loves each person and calls each person by his name. Therefore, my children, through prayer hearken to the will of the Heavenly Father. Converse with Him. Have a personal relationship with the Father which will deepen even more your relationship as a community of my children- of my apostles. As a mother I desire that, through the love for the Heavenly Father, you may be raised above earthly vanities and may help others to gradually come to know and come closer to the Heavenly Father. My children, pray, pray, pray for the gift of love because 'love' is my Son. Pray for your shepherds that they may always have love for you as my Son had and showed by giving His life for your salvation. Thank you."

OCTOBER 25, 2013 OUR LADY'S MESSAGE 

Dear children! Today I call you to open yourselves to prayer. Prayer works miracles in you and through you. Therefore, little children, in the simplicity of heart seek of the Most High to give you the strength to be God's children and for Satan not to shake you like the wind shakes the branches. Little children, decide for God anew and seek only His will -- and then you will find joy and peace in Him. Thank you for having responded to my call."

August 2, 2013 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children; If only you would open your hearts to me with complete trust, you would comprehend everything. You would comprehend with how much love I am calling you; with how much love I desire to change you, to make you happy; with how much love I desire to make you followers of my Son and give you peace in the fullness of my Son. You would comprehend the immeasurable greatness of my motherly love. That is why, my children, pray because through prayer your faith grows and love is born, the love along which even the cross is not unendurable because you do not carry it alone. In union with my Son you glorify the name of the Heavenly Father. Pray, pray for the gift of love, because love is the only truth: it forgives everything, it serves everyone and it sees a brother in everyone. My children, my apostles, great is the trust that the Heavenly Father has given you through me, His handmaid, to help those who do not know Him, that they may reconcile with Him and follow Him. That is why I am teaching you to love, because only if you have love will you be able to respond to Him. Again I am calling you to love your shepherds and to pray that, at this difficult time, the name of my Son may be glorified under their guidance. Thank you."

JUNE 25, 2013 OUR LADY'S MESSAGE 

"Dear children! With joy in the heart I love you all and call you to draw closer to my Immaculate Heart so I can draw you still closer to my Son Jesus, and that He can give you His peace and love, which are nourishment for each one of you. Open yourselves, little children, to prayer -- open yourselves to my love. I am your mother and cannot leave you alone in wandering and sin. You are called, little children, to be my children, my beloved children, so I can present you all to my Son. Thank you for having responded to my call."

June 2, 2013 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children; In this restless time, anew I am calling you to set out after my Son -- to follow him. I know of the pain, suffering and difficulties, but in my Son you will find rest; in him you will find peace and salvation. My children, do not forget that my Son redeemed you by his Cross and enabled you, anew, to be children of God; to be able to, anew, call the Heavenly Father: 'Father'. To be worthy of the Father, love and forgive, because your Father is love and forgiveness. Pray and fast, because that is the way to your purification, it is the way of coming to know and becoming cognizant of the Heavenly Father. When you become cognizant of the Father, you will comprehend that he is all you need. I, as a mother, desire my children to be in a community of one single people where the Word of God is listened to and carried out. Therefore, my children, set out after my Son. Be one with him. Be God's children. Love your shepherds as my Son loved them when he called them to serve you. Thank you."

May 25, 2013 Our Lady of Medjugorje Message of May 25, 2013

"Dear children! Today I call you to be strong and resolute in faith and prayer, until your prayers are so strong so as to open the Heart of my beloved Son Jesus. Pray little children, pray without ceasing until your heart opens to God's love. I am with you and I intercede for all of you and I pray for your conversion. Thank you for having responded to my call."

May 2, 2013 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children! Anew, I am calling you to love and not to judge. My Son, according to the will of the Heavenly Father, was among you to show you the way of salvation, to save you and not to judge you. If you desire to follow my Son, you will not judge but love like your Heavenly Father loves you. And when it is the most difficult for you, when you are falling under the weight of the cross do not despair, do not judge, instead remember that you are loved and praise the Heavenly Father because of His love. My children, do not deviate from the way on which I am leading you. Do not recklessly walk into perdition. May prayer and fasting strengthen you so that you can live as the Heavenly Father would desire; that you may be my apostles of faith and love; that your life may bless those whom you meet; that you may be one with the Heavenly Father and my Son. My children, that is the only truth, the truth that leads to your conversion, and then to the conversion of all those whom you meet -- those who have not come to know my Son -- all those who do not know what it means to love. My children, my Son gave you a gift of the shepherds. Take good care of them. Pray for them. Thank you."

APRIL 25, 2013 OUR LADY'S MESSAGE 

"Dear children! Pray, pray, keep praying until your heart opens in faith as a flower opens to the warm rays of the sun. This is a time of grace which God gives you through my presence but you are far from my heart, therefore, I call you to personal conversion and to family prayer. May Sacred Scripture always be an incentive for you. I bless you all with my motherly blessing. Thank you for having responded to my call."

Our Lady Queen of Peace Message to Medjugorje Visionary Mirjana

April 2, 2013 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children, I am calling you to be one with my Son in spirit. I am calling you, through prayer, and the Holy Mass when my Son unites Himself with you in a special way, to try to be like Him; that, like Him, you may always be ready to carry out God's will and not seek the fulfillment of your own. Because, my children, it is according to God's will that you are and that you exist, and without God's will you are nothing. As a mother, I am asking you to speak about the glory of God with your life because, in that way, you will also glorify yourself in accordance to His will. Show humility and love for your neighbor to everyone. Through such humility and love, my Son saved you and opened the way for you to the Heavenly Father. I implore you to keep opening the way to the Heavenly Father for all those who have not come to know Him and have not opened their hearts to His love. By your life, open the way to all those who still wander in search of the truth. My children, be my apostles who have not lived in vain. Do not forget that you will come before the Heavenly Father and tell Him about yourself. Be ready! Again I am warning you, pray for those whom my Son called, whose hands He blessed and whom He gave as a gift to you. Pray, pray, pray for your shepherds. Thank you. "

March 25, 2013  Our Lady of Medjugorje Message of March 25, 2013
"Dear children! In this time of grace I call you to take the
cross of my beloved Son Jesus in your hands and to meditate on
His passion and death. May your suffering be united in His
suffering and love will win, because He who is love gave Himself
out of love to save each of you. Pray, pray, pray until love and
peace begin to reign in your hearts. Thank you for having
responded to my call.

                                           "Courage is fear that has
                                            said its prayers."

March 2, 2013 The Virgin Mary's message given on March 2nd 2013

"Dear children! Anew, in a motherly way, I am calling you not to be of a hard heart. Do not shut your eyes to the warnings which the Heavenly Father sends to you out of love. Do you love Him above all else? Do you repent for having often forgotten that the Heavenly Father, out of His great love, sent his Son to redeem us by the Cross? Do you repent for not yet having accepted the message? My children, do not resist the love of my Son. Do not resist hope and peace. Along with your prayer and fasting, by His cross, my Son will cast away the darkness that wants to surround you and come to rule over you. He will give you the strength for a new life. Living it according to my Son, you will be a blessing and a hope to all those sinners who wander in the darkness of sin. My children, keep vigil. I, as a mother, am keeping vigil with you. I am especially praying and watching over those whom my Son called to be light-bearers and carriers of hope for you -- for your shepherds. Thank you."

February 25, 2013 OUR LADY'S MESSAGE 

"Dear children! Also today I call you to prayer. Sin is pulling you towards worldly things and I have come to lead you towards holiness and the things of God, but you are struggling and spending your energies in the battle with the good and the evil that are in you. Therefore, little children, pray, pray, pray until prayer becomes a joy for you and your life will become a simple walk towards God. Thank you for having responded to my call."

February 2, 2013
Dear children; Love is bringing me to you -- the love which I desire to teach you also -- real love; the love which my Son showed you when
He died on the Cross out of love for you;
the love which is
always ready to forgive and to ask for forgiveness.
--------------------------------------------------
How great is your love? My Motherly heart is sorrowful as it searches for love in your hearts.

You are not ready to submit your will to God's will out of love.

You cannot help me to have those who have not come to know God's love to come to know it, because you do not have real love.
Consecrate your hearts to me and I will lead you.
I will teach you to forgive, to love your enemies and
to live according to my Son.
Do not be afraid for yourselves.
In afflictions my Son does not forget those who love. I will be beside you. I will implore the Heavenly Father for the light of eternal truth and love to illuminate you. Pray for your shepherds so that through your fasting and prayer they can lead you in love. Thank you.

JANUARY 25, 2013 OUR LADY'S MESSAGE 
"Dear children! Pray, pray, pray for the radiance of your prayer to have an influence on those whom you meet. Put the Sacred Scripture in a visible place in your families and read it, so that the words of peace may begin to flow in your hearts. I am praying with you and for you, little children, that from day to day you may become still more open to God's will. Thank you for having responded to my call"

November 2, 2012 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children; As a mother I implore you to persevere as my apostles. I am praying to my Son to give you Divine wisdom and strength. I am praying that you may discern everything around you according to God's truth and to strongly resist everything that wants to distance you from my Son. I am praying that you may witness the love of the Heavenly Father according to my Son. My children, great graces have been given to you to be witnesses of God's love. Do not take the given responsibility lightly. Do not sadden my motherly heart. As a mother I desire to rely on my children, on my apostles. Through fasting and prayer you are opening the way for me to pray to my Son for Him to be beside you and for His name to be holy through you. Pray for the shepherds because none of this would be possible without them. Thank you."

October 25, 2012  Our Lady of Medjugorje Message of October 25, 2012

"Dear children! Today I call you to pray for my intentions. Renew fasting and prayer because Satan is cunning and attracts many hearts to sin and perdition. I call you, little children, to holiness and to live in grace. Adore my Son so that He may fill you with His peace and love for which you yearn. Thank you for having responded to my call."

October 2, 2012 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children; I am calling you and am coming among you because I need you. I need apostles with a pure heart. I am praying, and you should also pray, that the Holy Spirit may enable and lead you, that He may illuminate you and fill you with love and humility. Pray that He may fill you with grace and mercy. Only then will you understand me, my children. Only then will you understand my pain because of those who have not come to know the love of God. Then you will be able to help me. You will be my light-bearers of God's love. You will illuminate the way for those who have been given eyes but do not want to see. I desire for all of my children to see my Son. I desire for all of my children to experience His Kingdom. Again I call you and implore you to pray for those whom my Son has called. Thank you.

September 2, 2012 Message to Mirjana Soldo

"Dear children, as my eyes are looking at you, my soul is seeking those souls with whom it desires to be one - the souls who have understood the importance of prayer for those of my children who have not come to know the love of the Heavenly Father. I am calling you because I need you. Accept the mission and do not be afraid, I will strengthen you. I will fill you with my graces. With my love I will protect you from the evil spirit. I will be with you. With my presence I will console you in difficult moments. Thank you for your open hearts. Pray for priests. Pray that the unity between my Son and them may be all the stronger, that they may be one. Thank you."

"Dear children! Also today, with hope in the heart, I am praying for you and am thanking the Most High for every one of you who lives my messages with the heart. Give thanks to God's love that I can love and lead each of you through my Immaculate Heart also toward conversion. Open your hearts and decide for holiness, and hope will give birth to joy in your hearts. Thank you for having responded to my call."

June 2, 2012 Monthly Apparition Message to Mirjana

"Dear children, I am continuously among you because, with my endless love, I desire to show you the door of Heaven. I desire to tell you how it is opened: Through goodness, mercy, love and peace - through my Son. Therefore, my children, do not waste time on vanities. Only knowledge of the love of my Son can save you. Through that salvific love and the Holy Spirit He chose me and I, together with Him, am choosing you to be apostles of His love and will. My children, great is the responsibility upon you. I desire that by your example you help sinners regain their sight, enrich their poor souls and bring them back into my embrace. Therefore, pray, pray, fast and confess regularly. If receiving my Son in the Eucharist is the center of your life, then do not be afraid, you can do everything. I am with you. Everyday I pray for the shepherds and I expect the same of you. Because, my children, without their guidance and strengthening through their blessing, you can not do it. Thank you."

January 25, 2012
Dear children! Also today I call you to prayer. May your prayer be as strong as a living stone, until with your lives you become witnesses. Witness the beauty of your faith. I am with you and intercede before my Son for each of you. Thank you for having responded to my call
2013 IS THE YEAR OF FAITH

November 27, 2010
I look at you and I see in your heart death without hope, restlessness and hunger. There is no prayer or trust in God, that is why the Most High permits me to bring you hope and joy.
    Open yourselves. Open your hearts to God's mercy and He will give you everything you need and will fill your hearts with peace, because He is peace and your hope.

July 21, 1982  Our Lady of Medjugorje Message on Purgatory  
Concerning Purgatory: "There are many souls in Purgatory. There are also persons who have been consecrated to God - some priests, some Religious. Pray for their intentions, at least the Lord's Prayer, the Hail Mary, and the Glory Be seven times each, and the Creed. I recommend it to you. There is a large number of souls who have been in Purgatory for a long time because no one prays for them."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lord, we surrender to you completely. Do whatever You must to bring us
into the right position before You, in the center of Your will, in the
center of the narrow way. Be merciful. Jesus, hear us!
Anonymous

Eternal Father, I offer Thee the Most Precious Blood of Thy Divine
Son, Jesus, in union with the masses said throughout the world today,
for all the holy souls in Purgatory, sinners everywhere, in the
universal church, in my own home/family. Amen.
Anonymous

Ps 82,8
Arise, O God, judge the earth, for yours are all the nations. NAB
Arise, O God, judge the earth! For it is Thou who dost possess all the nations. (NASB)
Arise, O God, ajudge the earth: for thou shalt inherit all nations. (LDS)
God, stand up and rule all the Earth

God, please bless this computer system.
May I use it for Your Glory.  Amen.

"Lord forever our great provider, be with us for full protection from
bad elements in our society. LORD JESUS, Pls be prayed and save our
beloved father and my mother from hell. We pray for them to have a
pieceful whenever they gone since thier death."
prayercaster rodolpho, Mla, Philippines Nov 1, 2009

*** Our Lady's 15 Promises for Praying the Rosary -  ourladyswarriors.org/prayer/15promise.htm

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------

uhc n526L
000191
4102293
001
003082

---------------------------------------------------------------------

           Was Heinlein the first to mention SPANGLISH ?
/*-*/

Was Swan Lake the opening music for Dracula
with Bela Lugosi?  Yes.

A L L S T A T E   WDL
=====================
3. Geiko or something

                 LNO POMODORO DOES NOT MAKE ENOUGH NOISE

v/ 607 thesync
v/ 619 the.org from pdf
x/ 629 we will need phone numbs for NYL
1410
v/ 650 a-i
thesync
pnysync(for sunt)

550 Eat
600 A-I starts, copy statements to tb9
620 dress
650 leave
655 parking lot
700 there

balance ckbk
wr
dangerous issues :piles of clothes:electrical outlets:oil in cars:
ch7:wc

TODO for ptbp
    Read about "sidings" for the "ptbp - minkowski diagrams.txt" file.
    Find old textbook, and current postings, explaing Minkowski
    diagrams as simply as possible.

FRIDAY m215
     You MUST
          Devote friday and saturday to
              FINANCE
                  update ckbk
                  balance ckbk
v/                  show a month's worth of expenses and income
v/                      in a balance sheet
v/                      in a pie chart
                  do we have all w2 and 1099 forms?
                  run through 1040 form
              CH7
                  pray
                  what to do
              WC
                  more attys
                  "how to get my bosses to pay w/o getting them mad"

          accounting howto book
          Prep for Tuesday meeting.         deadline monday
     also
         friday
         car oil?
         L wanted to be shown Paint
SATURDAY
     It may rain a little. Could turn to snow? The temps show 39-40.
     we tutor
     More Tutoring.
         if not in Fortran than in what
         take all the inquiries and count them.
WEEKEND
    Weekly Review (IF WE DONT DO THIS, THEN GIVE UP, GTD WILL NOT
                   WORK.)

FOR LIST OF EVILS
   That dynamic in which people will try and try to "find out what you really think". And this is resisted because we humans know what happens when they get that piece of data ... "Oh, he CAN'T be a judge because if he thinks X then he WON'T BE ABLE to be fair about cases with X or Y." "What yes I can" "NO YOU CAN'T."  The jumping to conclusions -- "What pattern of braces do you like to use in C?" "What is your favorite language?""I really don't have one" "No, really, what is it?"

"Do you believe in evolution?" "Then you don't believe in God."

Bravo. Bravo.  Please,  Jacque Wilson, can't CNN play this up? Even though this is too long-term for the "CNN Trends" section

According to dictionary.reference.com, the word  ''REVOLUTION'',  in Sociology, does not require violence, but "a radical and pervasive change in society and the social structure".  That is what is going on
here and throughout our culture. We are being forced to retrain ourselves to stop making judgements based on appearance.

The civil rights movement began long ago when some people stood up and demanded "stop judging us by the way we look!" Other groups have also taken that action. There was a woman and her daughter who appeared before Congress, because she has one of the "Hidden Disabilities" that xxx mentions. She said "If my daughter was in a wheelchair, people would hold open doors for her". Instead, the presumption is that she's well.

Of course, people make decisions about others without all the facts -- that is what people sometimes have to do. And, of course, people have to act confident in their decisions, or they will look "uncertain".

The image of "human" can't just be something like Michaelangelo's "David". These pictures are an image of what it means to be "human" as well, just as much as a picture of FDR in his wheelchair would have been. (But we don't have one of him -- thank goodness times are changing.)

But, out of simple fairness, it is a much better path to simply "communicate", as xxx says here.  Just talk to people before making up one's mind, and avoid the prejudice.

I have been trying to push the idea that it should be okay to say "I don't know" and "I haven't made up my mind yet" without being branded "stupid". I love it when folks find they can say those things without having their world slam to an end.

Please, Kristi Ramsay, Jacque Wilson, Elizabeth Johnson, I second the suggestion made elsewhere that Steel be included in "CNN Heroes".

Remember, if we don't need facts, and can go on just appearances, then we wouldn't need reporters, just photographers.

 0. God
                      NQ God NQ Jesus and Mary and whoever else helped
Lb05 We have been over the "quiet for
     forty five seconds" thing before.
     It is set in stone. The workaround
     is to be absent. The workaround
     is NOT to yell.
                      NQ God NQ Jesus and Mary and whoever else helped
 0. chaplet
 0. Mary and Fasting and Prayer
 1. NQ
 2. Care Credit Bill?
 3. Workman's Comp Lawyer?  NQ Jesus.
    Put that envelope with the REST of the WC.
 4. Pontiac deadline.
 5. Still have leaves.
 6. Put $35 (and other receipts) in CKBK.
    Then SS.
 7. NQ
 8. When is CVLC open?
 9. Get the Commitment form.
10. Schedule next Sunday.
11. ?????
12. Bible verse database. Where are my notes on it?
    Key, Mnemonic, and Subject/Text
13. Wyzant tutoring.
99. Write software. (Palm, and mobile.)
99. WR, eWR.
99. WRITE.
99. In GTD, use of VirtualBox. (BARIS,SST,Birds)
99. Write latest JH.
99. HDI do PHH
99. Install the DJ1000 on LNO.

La31
* Finish Lines
** 1. We will know where we are wrt all our creditors.
** .. (And have the creditors marked as such.)
** .. (And have the suppliers marked as such.)
** 1a. And have an understanding about (or with) each of them.
*** (To be shared with L.)
** 2. We will know with what areas we are concerned.
** 2a. And will know on which to focus ourselves.
*** (our time, our energy, our workspace.)
**** .
***** (This permits us to make "decisions to prune".)

STOOPIDITY DAY
Walk around with a happy smile.  Sound like Goofy, and otherwise laugh like "hyuk hyuk hyuk!"
Think of Hitler refusing Stalin's phone calls, simply because the Nazis were within 17 miles (?dbl chk)
of Moscow.

L717
YP Day

father - WRs - the drainage tube - the tracphone
ps
laundry
v/ balance chkbk

v/ 800 The Email
v/ 815 check again
how to stay away from the lorelei person - DRESS in white and work. Tell her to stay away. If she gets mad, walk.
The TracPhone
Drainage
The Bike
eWR and WR  (get it _done_)
call the guy at lincoln
track sick/annual leave from check stub

kc11
We will put everything into Todo and Calendar
Then we will look at all projects
Make sure the number of projects is managable, movign to SM as necessary.
(There is a place for GTD.)
Then we have NA for majors.
Thenw e go through all the rest.

"Mercy is a power shown by humanity and the divine.  It is the
statement 'I will not harm you, though I have the ability to harm you,
just because you don't want me to harm you.' "

Prayer for Serenity
 God grant me serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage
 to change the things I can and wisdom to know the difference.  Living
 one day at a time, enjoying one moment at a time.  Accepting hardship
 as a pathway to peace.  Taking, as Jesus did, this sinful world as it
 is, not as I would have it. Trusting that you will make all things
 right if I surrender to your will.  So that I may be reasonably happy
 in this life and supremely happy with You forever in the next.  AMEN.
Reinhold Niebuhr

"It is better to be the child of God than king of the whole world." - St. Aloysius Gonzaga

3/4 WE AGREE THAT ON RECEIPT OF INCOME WE WILL CALC 5% AND RETURN IT TO GOD IN VALUE.
This is a concession on her part because she had not liked pegging it to a fixed percentage.
It is mostly conceding on my part cuz of the concept of bartering,
But We Need Something.  I pray that it is acceptable to God.

We are praying with you anonymous! God is with you! My own greatest gifts from God came when my situation seemed impossible. NOTHING CAN STOP GOD. GO THROUGH MARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

  What demonstration do you need? That thing in Montreal was real?
  The Catholic Mysteries are "correct", because they followed them.
  What would it take to point you to that?

I will know Who I am, what I am doing, and What I Want.  (from 1997)

Computer engineering is a booming industry for job growth. The Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that the market for software developers will grow by 30 percent between 2010 and 2020. Computer programmer jobs are growing at a 12 percent pace, which is about average. However, in most cases, there is little benefit for job seekers who go beyond a bachelor's degree in the field.

The Georgetown study saw just a 16 percent boost in pay for students with graduate degrees in computer engineering.

Paul Silvio, senior vice president at Modis, a large information technology recruiting firm, confirms that his client base doesn't place a high priority on graduate education. "The vast majority of jobs in IT are hands-on, where employees are utilizing a specific technology or skill set," he says. "Candidates grow their expertise by growing their skill sets and interpersonal skills," he says, rather than pursuing further academic qualifications.

Read more: 5 Graduate Degrees That Dont Pay Off | Bankrate.com http://www.bankrate.com/finance/college-finance/graduate-degrees-dont-pay-off.aspx#ixzz1zb0ZKIVH
L703
The atmospheric science field pays reasonably well. The Bureau of Labor Statistics found a median salary of $87,780 for all atmospheric scientists, including meteorologists. Median represents the midpoint pay, so half receive higher pay and half receive lower. Graduate education in the field is necessary for many research-focused positions at universities. However, government and private sector positions rarely require graduate education.

To that end, job seekers looking for a substantial income boost by obtaining a master's degree or Ph.D. in the field will be sorely disappointed. Georgetown found a minuscule 1 percent increase in salary for employees with graduate degrees in the field. In this case, students should only pursue a graduate degree if they are truly interested in furthering their own education, rather than getting a bigger paycheck.

Read more: 5 Graduate Degrees That Dont Pay Off | Bankrate.com http://www.bankrate.com/finance/college-finance/graduate-degrees-dont-pay-off.aspx#ixzz1zb15pi8E

We are very sorry to hear of your loss.  Please accept our condolences and prayers.

God Bless,
Tom and Lauren Baker

Daer Janet,

The bad news reached us, and we are sorry to hear it.  You have had so much to bear, it makes us sad.

Please know that we are praying for you and that you are in our thoughts at this time.

Love,
Tom and Lauren Baker

what is \??\c: ?

WRITE WHAT YOU REALLY WANT TO DO
WRITE WHAT SACRIFICES YOU WILL HAVE TO MAKE TO DO IT
DECIDE TO DO IT

You must be the change you seek in the world. -- Gandhi

"Writing Shortcuts" have had a huge impact on my life.  This was because, in my childhood, I had some sort of muscle problems and found handwriting to be slow, hard, and draining.  Anything I wrote in school was either late or sloppy.

So, when I found a book about mathematics, in third grade, in which there were symbols for phrases like "therefore" and "equals", I immediately latched onto it.  Not only did my written output start resembling one of Indiana Jones's maps, full of strange symbols and with few words in English, but mathematics became one of my obsessions and it drove me into the technical fields when I grew up.

Abbreviations are also a "techspeak" and a Writing Shortcut, and I know I am not the only one to love using Acronyms.

disk clean DEFRAG errorcheck /  c+D WEEKLY

(this is the one in tb9)
                        Uninstall OOo and Office modules we don't use.
(L 923 LC Book, Jennifer Warnes, Philip Glass)
Paradise Family Dentistry - Dr.Mohamed Mohamed & Dave Foulkes 2003 E.NC Hwy, Suite A, Durham, NC 27713

On Jul 28, 2:48 pm, Barry Gold <BarryDG...@ca.rr.com> wrote:
> On 7/28/2011 1:27 AM, Tim Merrigan wrote:
>
> > I'm curious, before painting the house, she converted for him and she
> > got a boob job for him.  Did she do those things unilaterally too, or
> > did she discuss them with him first?
>
> > I mean, I presume he was attracted to her before she made those
> > changes.
>
> Yeah, I thought it was a little odd, too.  I'm guessing that he made
> conversion a condition -- or insisted on a Lutheran wedding and the
> minister insisted she had to convert.
>
> But the boob job... I don't get it.  She'd actually looked good before,
> she's a little thing, about 5'2", and her breasts were proportional for
> her size. Afterward, they looked too big for her body.  OTOH, if he'd
> objected to the larger boobs he presumably wouldn't have gone through
> with the marriage.  Or would have told her he liked her better before.
> Or something.
>
> Is a puzzlement.

There are so many things that we don't yet know about the situation, I am thinking it is impossible to have an opinion on it, just observations and such.

For instance, why did she get the breast surgery, again? Did she do that on her own? (Not good)  Or did he insist she do it? (Also not good)

I wonder about the degree to which they had discussed how they'd decide things.  He may have come from a family background in which the father was "in charge, and that's it!"  While she may have had a background in which "husband works and is in charge of his job, no questions asked, while the wife is in charge of maintaining the house, and that's it!"  And they walked innocently into that turf war clash and it went nuclear.

I know of one guy who was helping his wife prepare for their dinner party, only she wasn't home yet.  Twenty minutes before their apartment was to fill up with their friends, he was setting the table, and she walked in.  He said, "Oh, good that you're here!  Can you get the plates out?"

She said, "Sure, but I got the car fixed."

He said "Oh, good!  Now about the plates..."  The car was important, the problem might have cost up to $500, and he was worried about it.  But with twenty, no it was now eighteen minutes to go, the table needed to be set.

She said, "Don't you want to hear how I fixed the car?"

He said, "Um, well, we're running out ... oh, okay, tell me quick."

She said, "I bought a new one."

Yes, he quickly ascertained at nearly the top of his voice.  She had avoided the $500 bill by buying a ten thousand dollar car, because the salesperson had made it sound so logical. This was the very first he had heard about it, the guests were due to arrive in eight minutes ...

Lots of things about the situation that still are unsaid here, it was complicated.  The guy always tried to work things out, but.

tom tac

=======================================
1.  if false
    then
    fi

1.5.
  if 0; then
   code block to be commented out
  fi

2.  if false; then
    fi

2.5

COMMENT_BLOCK=

if [ $COMMENT_BLOCK ]; then

   commented code goes here

fi

3.  while false
    do
    done
4.  while false; do
    done
5.
: '
comments here
and here
'
6.
: <<'END'
comments' here
and here
END
The '' around the END delimiter is important, otherwise things inside the block like for example $(command) will be parsed and executed.

7.

: <<COMMENTBLOCK
echo "This line will not echo."
This is a comment line missing the "#" prefix.
This is another comment line missing the "#" prefix.

&*@!!++=
The above line will cause no error message,
because the Bash interpreter will ignore it.
COMMENTBLOCK

echo "Exit value of above \"COMMENTBLOCK\" is $?."   # 0
# No error shown.

: <<'DEBUGXXX'
for file in *
do
 cat "$file"
done
DEBUGXXX

8.
Using vi ( yes vi ) you can easily comment from line n to m
<ESC>
:10,100s/^/#/

( that reads, from line 10 to 100 substitute line start (^) with a # sign. )

and un comment with
<ESC>
:10,100s/^#//

( that reads, from line 10 to 100 substitute line start (^) followed by # with noting //. )

vi is almost universal on anywhere where there is /bin/sh
=======================================

I DO NOT LIKE FF 5

I can't tell if it is working or not, the "busy" cursor or
symbols don't appear while a page loads? I hit aB b b CR CR to
get to Suntrust Bank,

 then don't see it do it.
The status bar at the bottom is gone. How to get it back?

--------------------------------------
* Sunday 7/10
			SIDE ROOM COLLECTION OF ACCENT STUFF
			ACCENT DOCUMENTATION, SET UP MAINT SCHEDULE
			Credit Card Balance Sheet for L, prep to pay mortgage and accent
Andy's card to be in new envelope
Store for another 50 cent card
(character map)
Add that pFuel, starting Accent
LnoPup and aDisplayThis.txt
upgrade firefox both (all three) places, lno lnopup cpq
KEYBOARD SHORTCUT TO LOGOUT OF GMAIL
emacs 23 - find the wdl, or recreate it.
* Add
** PAYMENT TO that ChBk.ods .
** Loan to debts.ods .
** Maint to GTD and Obsolescence.
* anewcarforme.com
* How the Axx3p01 is working out
** I wg a lot
** At work, may find myself thinking
   too long on something not related.
** At work, may spend too much time
   on a detail, then catch myself and
   sort of 'reboot', take another
   one and find myself focused on
   the wrong thing.
** In writing, I run across the word
   "Andre'" at the end of one line, and
   never get to the next line, instead
   tangenting to the UTF/ISO question.
   Not even going to the next word,
   BOL of next line.
* G
** StevePix
*** NA <- locate and count two
          ... or THREE ... packages.
*** then have a checklist
*** record the # of pix in the batch
*** scan the most important, in Unibig
    pix family StevePix
*** Into new envelope
** 2nd Income
*** NA
**** something that helps children
**** expresses my concern for humanity
**** What criteria and choices?
--------------------------------------

Statistics.  Decide on a 30 day plan.  Does it get R?  Does it get credits?

This song cant go over the net or mail cuz of IT.
First We Take Manhattan

    They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom
    For trying to change the system from within
    I'm coming now, I'm coming to reward them
    First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin

    I'm guided by a signal in the heavens
    I'm guided by this birthmark on my skin
    I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons
    First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin

    I'd really like to live beside you, baby
    I love your body and your spirit and your clothes
    But you see that line there moving through the station?
    I told you, I told you, told you, I was one of those

    Ah you loved me as a loser, but now you're worried that I just might win
    You know the way to stop me, but you don't have the discipline
    How many nights I prayed for this, to let my work begin
    First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin

    I don't like your fashion business mister
    And I don't like these drugs that keep you thin
    I don't like what happened to my sister
    First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin

    I'd really like to live beside you, baby ...

    And I thank you for those items that you sent me
    The monkey and the plywood violin
    I practiced every night, now I'm ready
    First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin

    I am guided

    Ah remember me, I used to live for music
    Remember me, I brought your groceries in
    Well it's Father's Day and everybody's wounded
    First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin

(reinstate Duke Power and Visa, L's desntist payment came from 7538)

Thanks for mentioning Nora Dunn in that regard.  While I admire O'Connor for her principled stand (which cost her a night's performance), I will always be in awe of Dunn (I think it cost her her job, I notice her contract was not renewed after the season ended that month, while the others that "played along" that week stayed with the show for years after).  She did manage to have a career after SNL, but I believe her stand cost her plenty, and didn't get that much publicity.

And, yes, ADC used to be one of my favorite comics, but then I started hearing that he was getting offensively raunchy at untelevised appearances.  Eventually all his standup became gross and over the edge, while simultaneously his 'Ford Fairlane' movie showed him as more mainstream.  (Standup routine joke: Clay talks about a wedding where the bride is supposed to be virginal, wearing a white dress. He and his pals say "White? I <i>broke</i> that b---- when she was 15!")  I think of him as a major talent that made a very unfortunate decision on strategy for his career.

I am always glad to see Nora Dunn in a role on TV.  She did a gutsy thing that cost her.

Tom Tac
(Got here on a google search, didn't mean to resurrect an old post.)

EPA Inclement Weather Hotline at 541-COLD (541-2653)
Tom
AHLzbm150

4/16/2011
Tornadoes through Central NC. Some fatalities nearby, God bless their souls. We got branches down in our yard.

Where's my stuff?
Value of the SSW97
Email.
stat.

AVG
9AVFREE-VZYF8-CK7QG-9UBUR-7SULS-44KR2
4UVK2-ALYMF-SLKLU-AZ2UB-6GOKB-J
4UY9X-NSVVL-O4BZQ-QIMCL-QTDCH

ANDLINUX
========
pulseaudio can be trottled by processlasso
SUDO asks for your password in Ubuntu
I did throttle CPU and change priority on PA but on LNO reboot it still grabs the CPU
(until I Process Lasso it again)
k528 Keep killing PA on startup.

THREE PROCESSES   PA Xming Fmenu
SERVICES  andLinux

Bring UP                    <---
   Just CMD, to andLinux, and "startup".  Watch the console.
   no services.msc
   no start andLinux
   Open the CONSOLE via the quick start.  (CONSOLE, not "andServer"!)
   WAIT FOR SERVICE TO START
   "C:\Program Files\andLinux\Launcher\menu.exe
   "C:\Program Files\andLinux\Xming\Xming.exe" :0 -dpi 85 -clipboard -notrayicon -c -multiwindow -reset -terminate -unixkill -logfile "C:\Program Files\andLinux\Xming\Xming.log"

Take Down

Two things I would do to update the information:

A
1) If someone wants to produce a VCD on Vista, as I did, with just freeware, I would certainly recommend the CDRTFE package on sourceforge.net .  It just plain worked -- downloaded the setup.exe, it installed the sourceforge packages it needed, I ran the program and its GUI appeared automatically configured to my system's CD burner, I dropped in an MPG file and pushed the GO button.  That was all, a very slick package.

1.a) The one thing I would want to add there, is that it will ask whether to "Install for All Users" or "Install just for the Current User".  I have suspected that a lot of my troubles with Vista permissions were from trying to install into the All Users area, and this is my laptop only, so I use Current User, and you might try that yourself.

2) Then one has to get the Video Player to play the VCD -- and I am sure many people here know how to do that.  But it is worth re-mentioning ... a lot of DVD players, like my JVC, will start off by searching and searching for the VCD's "menu".  And of course there is not any.    So my JVC will just sit there and search and search, until I press the STOP button, and then press the PLAY button.  And then the VCD starts playing.  Your player may need the same.

Thanks again for the thread.  VCDs may seem silly, in the present technical environment, but money is also pretty durn tight, so not being required to buy either a DVD burner or a commercial program is a big help.

http://www.fanniemae.com/kb/index?page=home&c=homeowners_moreoptions
knowyouroptions.com

Goal WIA EMail

LitPrgm
blessing
include
    midline?
define
    invoke midline
        with params
Use chunk for both code and doc
    midline?
hard code filename or keep in file?
easy to use col 1?
tex
latex
html
text

c:/tom/cpq/baruch
      heart    bakert
739
PDK

722
Wnt to tell him
741
look over email what to add
752
now edit

now send

is my emacs code on gmail or not?
make tomepa face gmail account  nothing should
xkcd
   show ending?
806 no
existing dumps
   any that show the ending?
807 heart no
813 backup HTML file
latest pdb
817 heart
821 The one dated 12/12 is the one built in CPQ Virtual Palm, and descended from the other dumps AND was dumped from the PalmCard in the real palm on the 12th.  Built 10/7.
849 The one labelled "Baruch from tb9" is the latest, up to 1184, and on 11/5.  We will update from that.

palm companion
obc meta
Eternal Father, I offer Thee the Most Precious Blood of Thy Divine Son, Jesus, in union with the  masses said throughout the world today, for all the holy souls in Purgatory, sinners everywhere, in  the universal church, in my own home/family. Amen.
Anonymous

jc26 0919 Okay.  We cvs and put it on pny.  THEN see if we can get it onto CPQ with it.
          Otherwise we ... mail it? big sync?  put it on tb9?

GET CREDIT REPORTS
CALL HUD

I probably will have to open the thing up to see what it says.

1017
wiki
1035
HUD.GOV
1041
HUD and foreclosure

Without going into all the details here, this situation is similar to one that happened last December, in which the entity involved would send erroneous "delinquent" reports to the credit reporting agencies, and finally sent a "credit retraction" in February/March to straighten it out.  This time around, I've set aside a whole day this week to send out explanatory letters, and AT+T should get one of these and/or a call.

read the clinical oobjectives paper
apparently you have to change the bed each day
read the handbook

---------------------- --------------------

After the Census
Taxes

PSY-150-130 (8637) General Psychology to 12/14

--------------------------------------------
IRA

Brat Farrar -- Old papers can show if the Philco-Goodyear Playhouse was in reruns in the 1960's.  It was run from 1948 to 1956.

market   ic19 Article-My old boss is badmouthing me!.txt

pray
         SAM TO LOOK AT OUR PR AND NYL ACCOUNTS THURSDAY
BP b4
ex
BP p

HEY
food
old cerael
What holes?
pay SHOULD we fill holes?

I want
AHK to run before ASC.
Then have it turn off that option.
Then make the ahk_init be a separate script.

Nurse wdl?  It is in tb9.

Which one?

605 mindy
    universalcard.com t17 v1
609 4 things+bank+
                           maybe move dotnet development messages to folder
                           and switch to indiviidual mails
620 netaccess
                           PLAY WITH aaanetaccess pay.  AND rely more on sunt.
623 +mc
626 cynthia
  record here

j413
1855 Goal: Move some retirement back into stocks.
     .
     Found out today that my Roth Ira is in cash.  That might be where the stocks -were-.
     .
     Okay, I had a map of our funds.  Finance.  Tom.  And LNO.
     But mostly in safe places.
     .
     tom and CPQ and then unibig uBdesktop bigsov and heart uhdesktop unisov.
1858 tom has nothing.
     cpq has financeplan, but that's not it.
     unibig
1900 no on unibig or uBdesktop.
1906 Don't see it in bigsov, either.
1909 not uhd
1911 Is in unisov.
1913 Okay, I see three IRAs, 2 Tom 1 Lauren.
1914 A lot was in "MinStay VP Cmn Stck".  Let's see.

551 Found them in pal bakert archived_files from D305.

noon - study a bit - vocab - read skills - steth

Export chart to simplecalc
NEED emacs spellcheck

Nick

  AND I THINK REVIEW HAS TO BE AFTER PICKUP.  OKAY?

Put in YP book
   stocks

I want to tell stories, and tell computers what to do.
   So a web site, where I publish stories, ask ppl to illustrate them.

Today, L's practice.  My studies.
       Aldis
       Mow lawn?

FOOL SHEET, esp for palm

I have shown, in different jobs, the ability to work in a team.  I write documentation as an important part of the project, and use Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and Access.

What I am Missing on Lno
     The Palm Stuff, so I can't install any prismas

Find application to Durham County

I have a degree in CS.  and another in Math, and have taken accounting courses.
and develop software, operational routines, and documentation for full life cycle support.

I have shown, in different jobs, the ability to work in a team.  I write documentation as an important part of the project, and use Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and Access.

------------------------------------------------------------------- Another version
------------------------------

STEFE
nurse cnaTB9
cnatb9
  write SATs
  write review.cdb
  keep pulse and BP
  read for next lecture
  GRID

HepB Shot!
Mouthwash WDL
When to get Adderal

Wow!  This guy gets paid to do this?  I'm in the wrong business!

I spent a lot of time on his "magnet slopes" vui

tom tac

I can't think of any reason for body to be in unisov, should be bigsov.
    At least it would be one place I could lose it instead of two.
    And syncing the files is a one step with unibig instead of two with pny.

AC Look at.

---------- sat 170/92 72
Also lauren 140/90  80 bpm
max 90 bpm
------------- Guess I don't know where the BP
and C files should go.

guess I'd like copy of palm on lno
 1. is pdb in tb9 backup (no. encrypted cpt files)
 2. palm sync dir  (yes)
 3. where
 4. ffap
 5. Get it into someplace with a pointer to it
    on BIG
                 dont want to call rob
get old archived
pt it
sync
get new arc h
pt

I think I see what you are getting at here.  Look at the movie rating system.  At first it sounded great to have an "Adult" category, so we got "X" and then "NC-17".

But the result is that really good movies for adults, (that is, a story line that is too complex or hard for teenagers or a story line that takes life experience to understand), just can't be made in the US anymore.  If it's a really good movie for adults -- like "Midnight Cowboy" was, or the original "9-1/2 Weeks" -- the industry won't allow the movie to get an NC-17.  (Because then none of the movie chains won't

Jefferson "Jake" Edward Briggs: And in the end, I realized that I took more than I gave, I was trusted more than I trusted, and I was loved more than I loved.
And what I was looking for was
not to be found
but to be made.
She's Having a Baby (1988)

       rjc-jmc2@nc.rr.com <rjc-jmc2@nc.rr.com>
       pottedflower@hotmail.com
1143 changed password

pny
tbvs.txt, move cynth to body

skills

extra

"The Adventure Continues..."  Eh?  (That is what "tac" stands for.)

tom tac

p.s.  Prayers said.  God's Blessings.  Take a Day Off for R+R.

Doesn't it really seem sometime like what you've been going through is a long, long quest?  Sometimes life gets ridiculous that way, like it's bad writing.
That is one reason I use "t a c" for a handle.

I wish kitten was here right now.  Her sig, for a long time, was about her life being a soap opera.  Sounds like you're in that boat, too.

First of all, I am praying for you, and that seems to help, I think.  God's Blessings to you.

Next, you have my permission to just plain old Take The Day Off.  If anyone challenges you on it, tell them I said so.

Get some R+R, because (1) it seems like you've had a lot on your plate, and (2) I'm impressed that you've actually gotten some stuff done already (done the W+U thing, printed the updated resume, going to appointment Wednesday).

------ ------
What is this, awk?
printf("%s\n\n",GetArgs(command,args));

The Book is BOOMERANG.
                                                             eLYRICS.NET  and it blew open windows and didn't want to let me close them.  In Linux.

Songwriters: ROBINSON, CHRISTOPHER MARK / ROBINSON, RICH S.

Black Crowes She Talks To Angels Lyrics
She Talks To Angels lyrics

She never mentions the word addiction
in certain company
yes, she'll tell you she's an orphan
after you meet her family

she paints her eyes as black as night now
pulls those shades down tight
yeah she gives a smile when the pain comes
the pain gonna make everything alright

chorus:
says she talks to angels
they call her out by her name
oh yeah, she talks to angels
says they call her out by her name

she keeps a lock of hair in her pocket
she wears a cross around her neck

yes the hair is from a little boy
and the cross is someone she has not met
not yet

(chorus)
(line 2 variation) says they all know her name

she don't know no lover
none that I ever see
yet to her that ain't nothing
but to me it means, means everything

she paints her eyes as black as night now
she pulls those shades down tight
oh yeah, there's a smile when the pain comes
the pain gonna make everything alright, all right

(repeat chorus)
[ From: http://www.elyrics.net/read/b/black-crowes-lyrics/she-talks-to-angels-lyrics.html ]

idea "My Parents are Mean"
     The reader sees this child and his/her daily life.  Then
     he/she visits a friend's house, and is impressed with how
     kind and gentle their parents are.  "Your parents are
     really nice," he/she says later enviously.

go through the red book together

make a 'l+t book'

need to write - is that going to get ignored?

=============================
Python
http://docs.python.org/tutorial/
118 topics
v/ v/    * 1. Whetting Your Appetite
v/ v/    * 2. Using the Python Interpreter
v/ v/          o 2.1. Invoking the Interpreter
v/ v/                + 2.1.1. Argument Passing
v/ v/                + 2.1.2. Interactive Mode
v/ v/          o 2.2. The Interpreter and Its Environment
v/ v/                + 2.2.1. Error Handling
v/ v/                + 2.2.2. Executable Python Scripts
v/ v/                + 2.2.3. Source Code Encoding
v/ v/                + 2.2.4. The Interactive Startup File
v/ v/                + 2.2.5. The Customization Modules
v/ v/    * 3. An Informal Introduction to Python
v/ v/          o 3.1. Using Python as a Calculator
v/ v/                + 3.1.1. Numbers
v/ v/                + 3.1.2. Strings
v/ v/                + 3.1.3. Unicode Strings
v/ v/                + 3.1.4. Lists
v/ v/          o 3.2. First Steps Towards Programming
v/ v/    * 4. More Control Flow Tools
v/ v/          o 4.1. if Statements
v/ v/          o 4.2. for Statements
v/ v/          o 4.3. The range() Function
v/ v/          o 4.4. break and continue Statements, and else Clauses on Loops
v/ v/          o 4.5. pass Statements
v/ v/          o 4.6. Defining Functions
v/ v/          o 4.7. More on Defining Functions
ka31/                + 4.7.1. Default Argument Values
v/ v/                + 4.7.2. Keyword Arguments
v/ v/                + 4.7.3. Arbitrary Argument Lists
v/ v/                + 4.7.4. Unpacking Argument Lists
v/ v/                + 4.7.5. Lambda Forms
v/ v/                + 4.7.6. Documentation Strings
v/ v/          o 4.8. Intermezzo: Coding Style
v/ v/    * 5. Data Structures
v/ v/          o 5.1. More on Lists
v/ v/                + 5.1.1. Using Lists as Stacks
v/ v/                + 5.1.2. Using Lists as Queues
v/ v/                + 5.1.3. Functional Programming Tools
v/ v/                + 5.1.4. List Comprehensions
v/ v/                + 5.1.5. Nested List Comprehensions
v/ v/          o 5.2. The del statement
v/ v/          o 5.3. Tuples and Sequences
v/ v/          o 5.4. Sets
v/ v/          o 5.5. Dictionaries
v/ v/          o 5.6. Looping Techniques
v/ v/          o 5.7. More on Conditions
kb12           o 5.8. Comparing Sequences and Other Types
v/ v/    * 6. Modules
v/ v/          o 6.1. More on Modules
v/ v/                + 6.1.1. Executing modules as scripts
v/ v/                + 6.1.2. The Module Search Path
v/ v/                + 6.1.3. 'Compiled' Python files
v/ v/          o 6.2. Standard Modules
v/ v/          o 6.3. The dir() Function
v/ v/          o 6.4. Packages
v/ v/                + 6.4.1. Importing * From a Package
v/ v/                + 6.4.2. Intra-package References
v/ v/                + 6.4.3. Packages in Multiple Directories
    * 7. Input and Output
          o 7.1. Fancier Output Formatting
                + 7.1.1. Old string formatting
          o 7.2. Reading and Writing Files
                + 7.2.1. Methods of File Objects
                + 7.2.2. The pickle Module
    * 8. Errors and Exceptions
          o 8.1. Syntax Errors
          o 8.2. Exceptions
          o 8.3. Handling Exceptions
          o 8.4. Raising Exceptions
          o 8.5. User-defined Exceptions
          o 8.6. Defining Clean-up Actions
          o 8.7. Predefined Clean-up Actions
    * 9. Classes
          o 9.1. A Word About Names and Objects
          o 9.2. Python Scopes and Namespaces
          o 9.3. A First Look at Classes
                + 9.3.1. Class Definition Syntax
                + 9.3.2. Class Objects
                + 9.3.3. Instance Objects
                + 9.3.4. Method Objects
          o 9.4. Random Remarks
          o 9.5. Inheritance
                + 9.5.1. Multiple Inheritance
          o 9.6. Private Variables
          o 9.7. Odds and Ends
          o 9.8. Exceptions Are Classes Too
          o 9.9. Iterators
          o 9.10. Generators
          o 9.11. Generator Expressions
    * 10. Brief Tour of the Standard Library
          o 10.1. Operating System Interface
          o 10.2. File Wildcards
          o 10.3. Command Line Arguments
          o 10.4. Error Output Redirection and Program Termination
          o 10.5. String Pattern Matching
          o 10.6. Mathematics
          o 10.7. Internet Access
          o 10.8. Dates and Times
          o 10.9. Data Compression
          o 10.10. Performance Measurement
          o 10.11. Quality Control
          o 10.12. Batteries Included
    * 11. Brief Tour of the Standard Library - Part II
          o 11.1. Output Formatting
          o 11.2. Templating
          o 11.3. Working with Binary Data Record Layouts
          o 11.4. Multi-threading
          o 11.5. Logging
          o 11.6. Weak References
          o 11.7. Tools for Working with Lists
          o 11.8. Decimal Floating Point Arithmetic
    * 12. What Now?
    * 13. Interactive Input Editing and History Substitution
          o 13.1. Line Editing
          o 13.2. History Substitution
          o 13.3. Key Bindings
          o 13.4. Alternatives to the Interactive Interpreter
    * 14. Floating Point Arithmetic: Issues and Limitations
          o 14.1. Representation Error

=============================
PUP

/mnt/home/uni/heart/tb9/unison/aDisplayThis.txt
del.icio.us

http://www.nashuatelegraph.com/newsworldnation/908414-227/francis-x.-mcgovern.html
This was news to me - Francis McGovern died January 31. (cancer and kidney stuff) A favorite, he's one reason I took Francis as one of my middle names and was always extremely extremely nice.  Have to remember him for that, and for being a test pilot and USAF expert.

TODO

PUT NEW DYLAN SONG ON TAPE.  AND ANY OTHERS FROM FILM?
AND THE ANGEL SONG - the Acoustic version .

----------------- The Song is on the tape "".
          And you probably can find it on YouTube.  Black Crows, Angel.

Where is the the Don White CD?

I want Don White DVD for xmas.  What would be the best song?

python tutorial
CUPS
different pix on different desktops
mount uni
emacs .emacs files

From "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood: Conflict (#14.1)" (1983)
Harriet Elizabeth Cow: Now, which country do you think this is. Class?
Daniel Striped Tiger: Well, with the mountain and everything, maybe it looks like Up-Above Land, Miss Cow.
Harriet Elizabeth Cow: You're absolutely right, Daniel. And what about this one?
Ana Platypus: Um, I think that's Down-Under Land.
Harriet Elizabeth Cow: Yes, Ana, it used to be Down-Under Land, but not anymore.
Prince Tuesday: Oh, I know. I know. That's the one that had the war with Side-Step Land. So now everything from Down-Under Land is in with Side-Step Land.
Harriet Elizabeth Cow: That is correct.
Ana Platypus: I'm glad I don't live there.
Daniel Striped Tiger: I am too. I wouldn't like to live where they're having a war.

BLIT - PYTHON - POWERSHELL

CMD.EXE
C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff>type blittrix.bl | python blit.py "Show 2L"
---------------
2L >:First Line
Second Line:<
---------------
C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff>

POWERSHELL

PS C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff> [system.io.file]::readalltext('\tom\uni\heart\fluff\blittrix.bl') | python blit.py "Show 2L"
---------------
2L >:First Line
Second Line:<
---------------PS C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff>
                                            It returned the whole file as one string.

Another:
$b = [string]::join([environment]::newline, (get-content -path templ.txt))

PS C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff> [string]::join([environment]::newline, (get-content -path \tom\uni\heart\fluff\blittrix.bl))
| python blit.py "Show 2L"
                                            This failed.  How to get CRLF? Actually, "newline" GOT crlf.  Only NL needed!
                                            LIKE THIS.
PS C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff> [string]::join("    n", (get-content -path \tom\uni\heart\fluff\blittrix.bl)) | python blit.py "
Show 2L"
---------------
2L >:First Line
Second Line:<
---------------PS C:\tom\uni\heart\fluff>

                                              PUT THIS INTO YOUR BLITTRIX and your HDI.

EDEN
1) The Genesis story is like Evolution.  We come up through the Apes, and the Fall is when it becomes evident that we WILL commit sins.
2) The major ethical/spiritual challenge we face is that we are animals and come from savagery, but must try to be "good" and do what is "spiritual and ethical" and not revert.

ielowutil.exe - go into internet options, turn off feeds and web slices

=============================================================================

fc 11461

UPDATES
avg
avg scan
win update
java

nq
aspell LNO
flie link

used to have the tomtac account on youtube, tomtac17.  Also, I've recently gotten active on Google+.

now I cannot sign in to Youtube or leave a comment or subscribe to channels.  It keeps asking me to sign in.  I click on any of the "sign in" controls, and it returns me to the same page, with a "sign in" button that I can click again to repeat the above process.

I went through the process of clicking "Can't sign into your account?"  It said it would send the password information.  But, I finally noticed that it is obviously sending it to tombaker@world.std.com, an account that has not been open for years.

If I get into youtube.com in a roundabout way, by logging into gmail for my tomtac@gmail.com address, and then go to youtube, well youtube sometimes says I'm logged in, sometimes keeps showing a "Sign in" button, but under no circumstances can I manage my subscriptions or leave a comment anywhere.

I've just changed my account password by means of the security question route.  It has made no difference.  Clicking "Sign in" while I am at url "http://www.youtube.com/index?feature=signin" just redraws the screen at the same url.  Same when it was at "http://www.youtube.com/index?redirect=1" or whatever that was.

I run Firefox 7.01 .

1:36:25             http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&feature=endscreen&v=bggDbbKyuXk
The Thief and The Cobbler Original Cut - Full Length!
This is the original cut of The Thief and the Cobbler, as it was intended to be shown. This particular version is missing some scenes but it compiled by Garrett Gilchrist as it was meant to be shown.
Nemorzuz
VERY CLEAR HD VERSION - perhaps "finished up" by Williams himself

Edna Winstead/RTP/USEPA/US@EPA, Annette Black/RTP/USEPA/US@EPA
For Monday this week
Edna, Annette,

I am out sick today, but expect to be in tomorrow.

Thanks very much,
Tom Baker

-----

In the name of the FATHER, and of the SON, and of the HOLY SPIRIT.

You expired, JESUS, but the source of life gushed forth for souls, and the ocean of mercy opened up for the whole world. O Fount of Life, unfathomable Divine Mercy, envelop the whole world and empty Yourself out upon us.  O Blood and Water, which gushed forth from the Heart of JESUS as a fountain of Mercy for us, I trust in You!

Our FATHER, who art in heaven hallowed be thy name; thy kingdom come; thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us; and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.

Hail MARY, full of grace. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou amongst women, And blessed is the fruit of thy womb, JESUS. Holy MARY, Mother of God, Pray for us sinners, Now and at the hour of our death.

I believe in GOD, THE FATHER ALMIGHTY creator of heaven and earth and in JESUS CHRIST, His only Son, our Lord, who was conceived by the HOLY SPIRIT, born of the VIRGIN MARY, Suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, died, and was buried. He descended into hell. On the third day he rose again from the dead. He ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of GOD, THE FATHER ALMIGHTY. He will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead. I believe in the HOLY SPIRIT, the Holy Catholic Church, the communion of saints, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body, and the life everlasting.

Eternal FATHER, I offer You the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Your dearly beloved Son, our Lord JESUS CHRIST, in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.

For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.

Eternal FATHER, I offer You the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Your dearly beloved Son, our Lord JESUS CHRIST, in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.

For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.

Eternal FATHER, I offer You the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Your dearly beloved Son, our Lord JESUS CHRIST, in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.

For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.

Eternal FATHER, I offer You the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Your dearly beloved Son, our Lord JESUS CHRIST, in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.

For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.

Eternal FATHER, I offer You the Body and Blood, Soul and Divinity of Your dearly beloved Son, our Lord JESUS CHRIST, in atonement for our sins and those of the whole world.

For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
For the sake of His sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world.

Holy God, Holy Mighty One, Holy Immortal One, have mercy on us and the whole world.
Holy God, Holy Mighty One, Holy Immortal One, have mercy on us and the whole world.
Holy God, Holy Mighty One, Holy Immortal One, have mercy on us and the whole world.

Eternal God, in whom mercy is endless and the treasury of compassion -- inexhaustible, look kindly upon us and increase Your mercy in us, that in difficult moments we might not despair nor become despondent, but with great confidence submit ourselves to Your holy will, which is Love and Mercy itself.

In the name of the FATHER, and of the SON, and of the HOLY SPIRIT.

----------------

"Imagine Napoleon meeting Toulouse Latrec and Danny DeVito," Tom said shortly.

"Now, on the other side of the lab, that whole wall is my big big ant farm.  Be careful not to break the glass, I had those bugs shipped here all the way from Africa," Tom said importantly.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6WWaNZZras&feature=colike

update
  from file						1329
  from receipts					1401
new
  Make a new one
  later separate old to another file.

check email

Analysis of Consumer's Financial Situation

A job loss has substantially reduced your income. Until you can replace this lost income consider reducing or eliminating any expenses that are not absolute needs. Contact any creditors that you cannot pay and explain the situation. Ask if any help is available until you get on your feet again. Taking into account any penalties or tax consequences, are there any savings you can use?

You have a job with a lower income after a period of unemployment. You may have to catch up some bills from the previous months. Limit your non-essential spending until your old bills are current. Then create a new spending plan or budget and try to balance it using your new income. Look for ways to increase your income. For example, a part-time job or overtime on your present job may help. Please keep our money saving tips page handy as a reference source when balancing your budget.

You have too much credit card debt and have been 'borrowing from Peter to pay Paul.' Most people want to pay all of their bills on time to keep 'good credit.' However, when you reach a point where you are incurring more debt (new credit cards, new loans) in order to keep all your bills current, your credit may already be impaired. If you owe more than your income shows that you can realistically pay (high debt-to-income ratio) the interest rates on financing a home or car will usually be very high. Just because you are paying bills on time or continue to receive new credit card offers does not mean you have a good credit score, allowing you to get low interest rates. Creating new loans or charge card debts to pay off old debts does not reduce the bottom line. You are simply deeper in debt. Professional advice is strongly recommended.

Re-examine your total financial picture. Do you see any possibilities to increase your income? Are there ways to reduce your expenses? Brainstorming is a great way to come up with possibilities. Get two pieces of paper. On the first piece of paper, write down any and every idea to increase income. On the second, write down any and every idea to decrease expenses. If only one idea helps you're better off then when you started.

If you receive substantial tax refunds each year, it means that the government has had the use of your money all year instead of you. It may be helpful to talk to someone in your payroll office to find out if you can change your tax exemptions so that you still have enough taken out so that you do not owe taxes, but you get a smaller refund. This will put more money in your pocket.
Content Copyright (C) 2005 - 2012 Hummingbird Credit Counseling and Education, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
en
Counselor Suite v2.18b Program Code Copyright (C) 2005 - 2012 Counselor-Soft, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
	N

How completely apropos, and correct.

A friend of mine who has a decidedly "challenged" view of the world (he has problems) last night told me that maybe he'd like to be a science fiction writer.  I gave him a piece of paper and a pencil and told him to write the gist of his story in one page.

(He hasn't written <i><u>anything</u></i> his entire life but has a wild and undisciplined imagination.)

He threw himself into it.   In five minutes, he had come up with a name for his aliens ... and it was totally unlike any names-for-aliens that I had ever run into before, totally strange, but connotations galore.

Later he had described the aliens, and not only were they a contradiction of concepts that strangely made sense, but the spirituality of his alien plant people was somewhat uplifting.

"Yes," I commented, "but what <u>happens</u> in your story?  What do the characters do?"

The backstory was impressively original (which just means I personally hadn't read something like it before).  This sequence of events took place because <surprise> the Earth was doomed to be destroyed. The hilarity and horror takes place when towards the middle of the story, someone or something changes his mind and the Earth will NOT be doomed to be destroyed.  Life goes on with the spiritual plant aliens with the wierd names, and that's what causes all the trouble.

My friend does speak and write nonsense, but he takes it seriously.l

lucky lucky me milton berle

m517 0757
SAS
   I use SAS 9.1 on windows ... Should I try to use Emacs with it? Or
   use its "Advanced Editor"?

   At 8/10, examine the formats.
   At 9/10, look at the Help screen. Some input formats look NB.
http://support.sas.com/documentation/onlinedoc/code.samples.html
http://support.sas.com/resources/sysreq/hosts/pc/faq.html
you can use SAS programs to access, manage, analyze, and present your data.
you can use DATA steps compute the values for new variables + check for and correct errors in your data
PROC steps control a library of prewritten routines (procedures)
?    Blanks or special characters separate the "words" in a SAS statement (what kinds of specials?)
5/12 PLEASE try: highlight,  right click, Submit Selection.
6/12 It's important that you understand how SAS processes DATA steps (one observation at a time) and PROC steps.For details on these topics, see the References page at the end of this task.
You should also learn methods and tips for debugging SAS programs. For details on these topics, see the References page at the end of this task.

7/12 946  SO tthe Results is linked to the Output.
9/12 947  AT THIS POINT, IT IS HANDS ON.
READ PC FILES: 1/3 Test Dewey's JW's licensing.
CONDITIONALS:
1/3 ^=  ne
>= ge
<= le
in
& |
~ ^ both are NOT
2/3 All DATA steps.

http://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/1082257-white-like-me-reflections-on-race-from-a-privileged-son
"And let's just be honest, there is no such place called 'justice,' if by that we envision a finish line, or a point at which the battle is won and the need to continue the struggle over with. After all, even when you succeed in obtaining a measure of justice, you're always forced to mobilize to defend that which you've won. There is no looming vacation. But there is redemption in struggle."
- Tim Wise, White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son
So, in "Melting Pot" the children (about a third of whom were kids of color) sang the line, "America was the new world and Europe was the old," in one stroke eradicating the narratives of indigenous persons for whom America was hardly new, and any nonwhite kids whose old worlds had been in Africa or Asia, not Europe."
- Tim Wise, White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son

TERMS OF SERVICE

Last Updated and Effective Date: May 7, 2013

Welcome to Second Life! This agreement (this "Agreement" or the "Terms of Service") describes the terms on which Linden Research, Inc. and Linden Research United Kingdom, Ltd. (collectively "Linden Lab") offer you access to Second Life. "Second Life" or the "Service" means the multi-user online service offered by Linden Lab, including its Websites, Servers, Linden Software, Linden In-World Content, and User Content (as those terms are defined in this Agreement). This offer is conditioned on your agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Service, including the policies and terms linked to or otherwise referenced in this Agreement.

By using Second Life, you agree to and accept these Terms of Service. If you do not so agree, you should decline this Agreement, in which case you are prohibited from accessing or using Second Life.

0.0 TABLE OF CONTENTS

This Agreement includes both the terms above and the following 14 sections, which you may jump to directly by selecting the appropriate link below. The headings and subheadings are for your convenience only -- you are responsible for reviewing all sections, defined terms and related links in their entirety to ensure you fully understand this Agreement.

Changes to This Agreement
Eligibility to Use Second Life
Account Registration and Billing
Second Life is a Virtual World Service
"Linden Dollars" are Virtual Tokens That We License
"Virtual Land" is In-World Space That We License
Content Licenses and Intellectual Property Rights
Conduct by Users of Second Life
Privacy and Your Personal Information
Releases, Disclaimers, Liability Limits and Indemnification
Suspension and Termination of Your Account
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
General Provisions
Additional Terms and Policies
1. CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT

This Agreement may be changed by Linden Lab effective immediately by notifying you as provided in Section 13.4 below; provided that Material Changes will become effective thirty (30) days after such notification. By continuing to access or use Second Life after the effective date of any such change, you agree to be bound by the modified Terms of Service. A "Material Change" is a change to this Agreement which reduces your contractual rights or increases your responsibilities under this Agreement in a significant manner.

Return to top
2. ELIGIBILITY TO USE SECOND LIFE

2.1 Age Requirements for Second Life.

By accepting this Agreement in connection with an Account, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age and you have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement. If you are at least 16 years of age and less than 18 years of age, your parent or legal guardian must read and accept this Agreement on your behalf.

2.2 Age Requirements for Use of Areas of the Service.

Under 18 Users. If you are less than 18 years of age (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater), then you may access the General area of the Service in accordance with our Maturity Guidelines

Over 18 Users. If you are at least 18 years of age (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater), then you may use any public area of the Service in accordance with our Maturity Guidelines. This includes the General area, as well as the Moderate and Adult areas as provided below.

2.3 Age Verification for Moderate and Adult Only Second Life.

In order to access Second Life regions or listings designated as "Moderate" or "Adult Only" Content (which Content may be explicitly sexual, intensely violent or otherwise designated as Adult under our Maturity Ratings ("Adult Only Content"), you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age, or the age of legal majority where you reside if that jurisdiction has an older age of majority. You further agree that as a condition to accessing Moderate and/or Adult Only Second Life, you will submit to account verification as required by Linden, and provide only true and accurate identification documentation to Linden or its third party service providers to verify your age. You further acknowledge that you will comply with our Maturity Ratings, and conduct any activities we have defined as Moderate and/or Adult only within regions designated as Moderate and/or Adult.

2.4 Requirements for Corporate Users and Sponsoring Organizations.

If you are using the Service on behalf of a company, organization or other legal entity (collectively, "User Organization"), you represent and warrant that you are an employee of that User Organization or other person authorized to do so. If you are a Sponsoring Organization, you represent that (i) you will keep all content in the area General, as defined in our Maturity Ratings, (ii) you are solely responsible for all content and activities that take place within your estate on the Service, and (iii) you will comply with such guidelines as Second Life may issue from time to time with respect to the Affiliated Account program.

2.5 Other Eligibility Requirements for Use of Second Life.

You may not use or register to use Second Life (i) for the duration of your suspension if you have been suspended from the Service by Linden Lab; (ii) at any time if you have been terminated from the Service by Linden Lab; or (iii) at any time if you are a person barred from receiving the Services under applicable law.

Return to top
3. ACCOUNT REGISTRATION AND BILLING

3.1 You must establish an account to use Second Life, using true and accurate registration information.

You must establish an Account with Linden Lab to use the Service, except for those portions of the Websites which Linden Lab allows users to access without registration. You may establish one or more additional Accounts, provided that your existing Account is in good standing and you are otherwise in full compliance with this Agreement. You may not transfer or assign your Account and its contractual rights, licenses and obligations, to any third party without the prior written consent of Linden Lab.

You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form ("Registration Data") and to use the account management tools provided to keep your Registration Data accurate, current and complete.

You may establish an Account with Registration Data provided to Linden Lab by a third party who provides a gateway to our Service through the use of an API, in which case you may have a separate, additional account relationship with such third party. This relationship in no way modifies, lessens or alters your obligations under this Terms of Service. Access to Second Life through third parties may be available or discontinued at the discretion of Linden Lab. You acknowledge that Linden Lab is not liable for the acts or omissions of such third parties, which are not the partner or representative of Linden Lab or endorsed or controlled by Linden Lab.

3.2 You agree to use an Account Name in Second Life that is not misleading, offensive or infringing. You are responsible for activities related to your Account Name, and for keeping your password for this Account secure.

You must choose an account name to identify yourself to Linden Lab staff in connection with your Account (your "Account Name"), which will also serve as the name for your graphical representation within the Service under this Account (your "Avatar"). You may not select as your Account Name any name that Linden Lab determines may cause deception or confusion; may violate any trademark right, copyright, or other proprietary right or mislead other users regarding your identity or affiliation; or any name that Linden Lab determines in its discretion to be vulgar, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate. Linden Lab reserves the right to delete or change any Account Name that violates this paragraph, and will have no liability regarding the use or deletion of any Account Name.

You are responsible for all activities conducted through your Account. In the event that fraud, illegality or other conduct that violates this Agreement is discovered or reported (whether by you or someone else) that is connected with your Account, we may suspend or terminate your Account (or Accounts) as described in Section 11.

At the time your Account is opened, you must select a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are responsible for any harm resulting from your disclosure, or authorization of the disclosure of your password or from any person's use of your password to gain access to your Account or Account Name. At no time should you respond to an online request for a password other than in connection with the log-on process to the Service. Your disclosure of your password to any other person is at your own risk.

3.3 If you choose to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the posted pricing and billing policies on the Websites.

Certain aspects of the Service, including the usage of virtual environments known as "Virtual Land" in Second Life, or subscription to a "premium account", are provided for a fee or other charge. These fees and charges are set forth on the Second Life Fee Schedule. Should you elect to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies posted on the Websites applicable to such fees and charges, plus VAT or other taxes as applicable, including as set forth in the Second Life Billing Policy, and in the Second Life Marketplace Fee and Listing Policies. Linden Lab may add new services for additional fees and charges, or prospectively amend fees and charges for existing services.

You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to ensure payment in advance for all paid aspects of the Service, and to ensure that your credit or debit cards or other payment instruments accepted by Linden Lab continue to be valid and sufficient for such purposes. Linden Lab may exercise its suspension or termination rights as provided in Section 11.3 in the event of any payment delinquency.

Linden Lab does not accept returns or provide refunds of products or services purchased from Linden Lab. For disclosure purposes, the legal name under which Linden Lab does business is Linden Research, Inc. and the address from which business is conducted is 945 Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111.

4. SECOND LIFE IS A VIRTUAL WORLD SERVICE

4.1 Second Life is a virtual world service consisting of a multi-user environment, including software, websites and virtual spaces.

"Account" means the entirety of your contractual rights and obligations under this Agreement associated with a particular Account Name you have selected for accessing the Service.

"Content" means any works of authorship, creative works, graphics, images, textures, photos, logos, sounds, music, video, audio, computer programs, applications, animations, gestures, text, objects, primitives, scripts, and interactive features. "Intellectual Property Rights" means copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, publicity rights, database rights, patent rights, and other intellectual property rights or proprietary rights recognized by law.

"In-World" means within the three-dimensional virtual world environment of Second Life. "Linden In-World Content" is the Content provided to you In-World by Linden Lab under license in connection with the Service, except all User Content (as defined below), including but not limited to Content we created or licensed from third parties.

"Linden Software" is the software provided to you by Linden Lab and/or its suppliers under license in connection with the Service, including but not limited to the viewer software for accessing the Second Life environment (the "Viewer"), any other communication software, whether facilitating text-based, chat-based, voice, audio or other communication, within or outside of the Second Life environment, and any application program interfaces for use with Second Life (the "APIs").

"Second Life" or the "Service" is the multi-user online service offered by Linden Lab and includes the Websites, Servers, Linden Software, Linden In-World Content, and User Content. "Servers" are the online environments that support the Service, including without limitation: the server computation, electronic data storage, software access, messaging and protocols that simulate the Second Life environment.

"User Content" means any Content that a user of the Service has uploaded, published, or submitted to or through the Servers, Websites, or other areas of the Service. "Websites" are the websites and services available from the domain and subdomains of http://secondlife.com and http://marketplace.secondlife.com and any related or successor domains from which Linden Lab may offer services.

4.2 Second Life exists only as long as and in the form that we may provide the Service, and all aspects of the Service are subject to change or elimination.

Linden Lab has the right to change and/or eliminate any aspect(s), features or functionality of the Service as it sees fit at any time without notice, and Linden Lab makes no commitment, express or implied, to maintain or continue any aspect of the Service. You acknowledge that your use of the Service is subject to this risk and that you knowingly assume it and make your decisions to participate in the Service, contribute Content and spend your money accordingly.

4.3 Linden Lab is a service provider and is not responsible or liable for the Content, conduct, or services of users or third parties.

You understand that Linden Lab is a service provider that enables its users to interact online and display and communicate information and Content chosen by those users, and that users likewise can alter the service environment on a real-time basis. Linden Lab does not control or endorse the Content of communications between users or users' interactions with each other or the Service.

You acknowledge that you will be exposed to various aspects of the Service involving the conduct, Content, and services of users, and that Linden Lab does not control and is not responsible or liable for the quality, safety, legality, truthfulness or accuracy of any such user conduct, User Content, or user services. You acknowledge that Linden Lab does not guarantee the accuracy of information submitted by any user of the Service, nor any identity information about any user. Your interactions with other users and your use and purchase of User Content or user services are entirely at your own risk.

You agree that Linden Lab has and may exercise the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or delete any Content or services from the Service or disable any user's access to the Service without notice or liability to you or any other party, including upon our belief that such user's conduct, Content, services, or use of the Service is potentially illegal, threatening, or otherwise harmful to any user or other person or in violation of our Terms of Service, Community Standards, or other policies.

The Service may contain links to or otherwise allow connections to third-party websites, servers, and online services or environments that are not owned or controlled by Linden Lab. You agree that Linden Lab is not responsible or liable for the Content, policies, or practices of any third-party websites, servers, or online services or environments. Please consult any applicable terms of use and privacy policies provided by the third party for such websites, servers, or online services or environments.

4.4 If properly notified, Linden Lab responds to complaints that User Content infringes another's intellectual property.

Intellectual property infringement on the Service is a violation of this Terms of Service, and you agree not to engage in such infringement. It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and to terminate the accounts of repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. We operate an intellectual property complaint process for complaints that User Content infringes another's intellectual property, the details of which are available in our Intellectual Property Policy.. Linden Lab reserves the right to disable, delete or terminate, without notice, any user's Content or access to the Service if that user is determined by Linden Lab to infringe or repeatedly infringe.

4.5 Second Life is subject to scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions and loss of server data, which you do not own and for which you will not hold us liable.

Linden Lab may on occasion need to interrupt the Service with or without prior notice. You agree that Linden Lab will not be liable for any interruption of the Service (whether intentional or not), and you understand that except as may otherwise be specifically provided in Linden Lab's Billing Policy, you will not be entitled to any refunds of fees or other compensation for interruption of service.

Likewise, you agree that in the event of data loss, we will not be liable for any purported damage or harm arising therefrom. Linden Lab owns the bits and bytes of electronic data stored on its Servers, and accordingly will not be liable for any deletion, corruption or data loss that occurs in connection with the Service. Linden Lab will solely determine any disposition of the electronic data stored on its Servers and will have no obligation to reproduce, process, transfer, extract or recreate any data from its Servers. Our ownership of these bits and bytes of electronic data stored on our Servers does not limit or impair any Intellectual Property Rights you may have in your Content as set forth in Section 7.1 below.

Return to top
5. "LINDEN DOLLARS" ARE VIRTUAL TOKENS THAT WE LICENSE

5.1 Each Linden dollar is a virtual token representing contractual permission from Linden Lab to access features of the Service. Linden dollars are available for Purchase or distribution at Linden Lab's discretion, and are not redeemable for monetary value from Linden Lab.

The Service includes a component of virtual tokens ("Linden dollars" or "L$"), each of which constitutes a limited license permission to use features of our Service as set forth below. Linden Lab may or may not charge fees to acquire or use Linden dollars, and these fees may change at any time.

When you acquire a Linden dollar, Linden Lab hereby grants you a limited license ("Linden Dollar License") to use the Linden dollar as a virtual token to be held, bartered, traded and/or transferred in Second Life with other users (and/or Linden Lab), in exchange for permission to access and use Content, applications, services, and various user-created features, in accordance with these Terms of Service. The Linden Dollar License is transferable by the holder to any other user, provided that both users comply with these Terms of Service, maintain their Accounts in good standing, and are not delinquent on any Account payment requirements. Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or otherwise expressly permitted by Linden Lab, the Linden Dollar License may not be sublicensed, encumbered, conveyed or made subject to any right of survivorship or other disposition by operation of law or otherwise, and you agree that any attempted disposition in violation of these Terms of Service is null and void. Linden Lab may revoke the Linden Dollar License at any time without notice, refund or compensation in the event that: (i) the Linden dollar program is suspended or discontinued; (ii) Linden Lab determines that fraud or other illegal conduct is associated with the holder's Account; (iii) Linden Lab imposes an expiration date on usage of Linden dollars in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; (iv) the holder's Account is terminated for violation of these Terms of Service; or (v) the holder becomes delinquent on any of that user's Account payment requirements, ceases to maintain an active Account or terminates this Agreement.

You acknowledge that Linden dollars are not real currency or any type of financial instrument and are not redeemable for any sum of money from Linden Lab at any time. You agree that Linden Lab has the right to manage, regulate, control, and/or modify the license rights underlying such Linden dollars as it sees fit and that Linden Lab will have no liability to you based on its exercise of this right. Linden Lab makes no guarantee as to the nature, quality or value of the features of the Service that will be accessible through the use of Linden dollars, or the availability or supply of Linden dollars.

5.2 Second Life offers a Linden dollar exchange, called the LindeX exchange, for the trading of Linden dollars, which uses the terms "Buy" and "Sell" to indicate the transfer of Linden Dollar Licenses.

The Service includes a component called the "LindeX exchange" or the "LindeX," which refers to an aspect of the Service through which Linden Lab permits transactions in which users may exchange their Linden dollars with one another. The Service may include other, similar Linden dollar exchange sites and methods, including the Second Life Marketplace "Currency Exchange" (to the extent we make that method available), and the Service may from time to time include other, similar methods or sites on which Linden dollars may be exchanged (referred to collectively as the "LindeX" or "LindeX exchange"). You acknowledge that the LindeX exchange has been created to enable users of Second Life to enhance their experience using the Service with the ability to transfer license rights to other users of the Service, and that the terminology used is solely for the purpose of enabling this use of the Service.

Regardless of terminology used, you acknowledge that as used in this Agreement and throughout the Service in the context of Linden dollar transfers: (a) the term "Sell" means "to transfer for consideration to another user their Linden dollars in accordance with the Terms of Service," (b) the term "Buy" or "Purchase" means "to receive for consideration from another user their Linden dollars in accordance with the Terms of Service," (c) the terms "Buyer," "Seller," "Sale" and "Purchaser" and similar terms have corresponding meanings to their root terms, (d) "Sell Order" and similar terms mean a request from a user to Linden Lab to list Linden dollars for Sale on the LindeX exchange at a requested Sale price, and (e) "Buy Order" and similar terms mean a request from a user for Linden Lab to match open Sale listings with a requested Purchase price and facilitate completion of the Sale of Linden dollars.

You acknowledge that Linden Lab may deny any Sell Order or Buy Order individually or with respect to general volume, price or other limitations set by Linden Lab. Linden Lab may halt, suspend, discontinue, or reverse any LindeX exchange transaction (whether proposed, pending or past) in cases of actual or suspected fraud, violations of other laws or regulations, or deliberate disruptions to or interference with the Service.

5.3 There are other exchanges that are operated by third parties on which Linden dollars are exchanged.

Third party exchanges are not authorized by Linden Lab and Buying or Selling Linden dollars on third party exchanges are not authorized transactions. Third party exchanges are wholly distinct from both the LindeX exchange and Linden Lab and they have no affiliation with Linden Lab. We do not endorse or otherwise guarantee the legitimacy of the Linden dollar transfers offered on them, and we are not liable for purchases of such Linden dollars. Buying or Selling Linden dollars anywhere other than the LindeX is done so solely at your own risk. If you Buy Linden dollars that are traced to unauthorized credit card activity or other fraudulent activity, we will recoup these Linden dollars from your Account. The only authorized exchange is the LindeX.

Return to top
6. "VIRTUAL LAND" IS IN-WORLD SPACE THAT WE LICENSE

Virtual Land is the graphical representation of three-dimensional virtual world space. When you acquire Virtual Land, you obtain a limited license to access and use certain features of the Service associated with Virtual Land stored on our Servers. Virtual Land is available for Purchase or distribution at Linden Lab's discretion, and is not redeemable for monetary value from Linden Lab.

The Service includes a component of In-World virtual space that is stored on our Servers and made available in the form of virtual units ("Virtual Land"). This "Virtual Land" constitutes a limited license to access and use certain features of our Service as set forth below. Linden Lab may or may not charge fees for the right to acquire, transfer or access Virtual Land, and these fees may change at any time.

When you acquire Virtual Land, Linden Lab hereby grants you a limited license ("Virtual Land License") to access and use features of the Service associated with the virtual unit(s) of space corresponding to the identifiers of the Virtual Land within the Service as designated by Linden Lab, in accordance with these Terms of Service and any other applicable policies, including the Second Life Mainland Policies as they exist from time to time. The Virtual Land License is transferable by the holder to any other user provided that both users and the proposed transfer comply with these Terms of Service, maintain their accounts in good standing, and are not delinquent on any Account payment requirements. Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, this Virtual Land License may not otherwise be encumbered, conveyed or made subject to any right of survivorship or other disposition and any attempted disposition in violation of these Terms of Service is null and void. Linden Lab may revoke the Virtual Land License at any time without notice, refund or compensation in the event that: (i) Linden Lab determines that fraud, illegal conduct or any other violations of these Terms of Service or other Second Life policies is associated with the holder's Account or Virtual Land; or (ii) the holder becomes delinquent on any of that user's Account's payment requirements, ceases to maintain an active Account or terminates this Agreement.

You may permit or deny other users to access your Virtual Land on terms determined by you. Any agreement you make with other users relating to use or access to your Virtual Land must be consistent with these Terms of Service, and no such agreement can abrogate, nullify, void or modify these Terms of Service.

You acknowledge that Virtual Land is a limited license right and is not a real property right or actual real estate, and it is not redeemable for any sum of money from Linden Lab. You acknowledge that the use of the words "Buy," "Sell" and similar terms carry the same meaning of referring to the transfer of the Virtual Land License as they do with respect to the Linden Dollar License. You agree that Linden Lab has the right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Virtual Land as it sees fit and that Linden Lab shall have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right. Linden Lab makes no guarantee as to the nature of the features of the Service that will be accessible through the use of Virtual Land, or the availability or supply of Virtual Land.

Return to top
7. CONTENT LICENSES AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

7.1 You retain any and all Intellectual Property Rights in Content you submit to the Service.

You retain any and all Intellectual Property Rights you already hold under applicable law in Content you upload, publish, and submit to or through the Servers, Websites, and other areas of the Service, subject to the rights, licenses, and other terms of this Agreement, including any underlying rights of other users or Linden Lab in Content that you may use or modify.

In connection with Content you upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service, you affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have all necessary Intellectual Property Rights, licenses, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Linden Lab and users of Second Life to use the Content in the manner contemplated by the Service and these Terms of Service.

Because the law may or may not recognize certain Intellectual Property Rights in any particular Content, you should consult a lawyer if you want legal advice regarding your legal rights in a specific situation. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for knowing, protecting, and enforcing any Intellectual Property Rights you hold, and that Linden Lab cannot do so on your behalf.

7.2 You grant certain Content licenses to Linden Lab by submitting your Content to the Service.

You agree that by uploading, publishing, or submitting any Content to or through the Servers, Websites, or other areas of the Service, you hereby automatically grant Linden Lab a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the Service.

You understand that this license enables Linden Lab to display, distribute, promote, and improve the Service. You agree that the license includes the right to copy, analyze and use any of your Content as Linden Lab may deem necessary or desirable for purposes of debugging, testing, or providing support or development services in connection with the Service and future improvements to the Service. The license granted in this Section 7.2 is referred to as the "Service Content License."

7.3 You grant certain Content licenses to users of Second Life by submitting your Content to publicly accessible areas of the Service.

You agree that by uploading, publishing, or submitting any Content to any publicly accessible areas of the Service, you hereby grant each user of Second Life a non-exclusive license to access the User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content In-World or otherwise on the Service solely as permitted by you through your interactions with the Service under these Terms of Service. This license is referred to as the "User Content License," and the Content being licensed is referred to as "User Content."

"Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas that are accessible to other users of Second Life. The "User Content License" does not apply to content that is located on an island or region that is not publicly accessible. If you do not wish to grant users of Second Life a User Content License, you agree that it is your obligation to avoid displaying or making available your Content to other users. For example, an island or estate holder may use Virtual Land tools to limit or restrict other users' access to the Virtual Land and thus the Content on the Virtual Land.

"Your interactions with the Service" may include use of the Second Life permissions system and the copy, modify, and transfer settings for indicating how other users may use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, or perform your Content In-World subject to these Terms of Service. Any agreement you make with other users relating to use or access to your Content must be consistent with these Terms of Service, and no such agreement can abrogate, nullify, void or modify these Terms of Service.

You acknowledge that when you receive a User Content License you receive only licensing and use rights: You therefore do not acquire ownership of any copies of the Content, or transfer of any copyright or other Intellectual Property Rights in the Content. You acknowledge that with respect to the use of the words "Buy" and "Sell" as used in this Agreement and throughout the Service in the context of User Content: (a) the term "Sell" means "to grant a User Content License in exchange for Linden dollars or other consideration in accordance with the Terms of Service," (b) the term "Buy" or "Purchase" means "to receive a User Content License in exchange for Linden dollars or other consideration in accordance with the Terms of Service," and (c) the terms "Buyer," "Seller," "Sale" and "Purchaser" and similar terms have corresponding meanings to their root terms. This includes User Content that may be Bought or Sold on the Second Life Marketplace web site.

7.4 You also grant Linden Lab and other users of Second Life a license to use in snapshots and machinima your Content that is displayed In-World in publicly accessible areas of the Service.

You agree that by uploading, publishing, or submitting any Content to or through the Servers for display In-World in any publicly accessible area of the Service, you hereby grant each user of Second Life and Linden Lab a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to photograph, capture an image of, film, and record a video of the Content, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the resulting photograph, image, film, or video in any current or future media as provided in and subject to the restrictions and requirements of our Snapshot and Machinima Policy. The foregoing license is referred to as the "Snapshot and Machinima Content License."

7.5 You may delete copies of your Content from the Service, and the licenses you have granted for the deleted copies will terminate with certain limitations.

You may delete copies or instances of your Content that you have displayed In-World or that are in your Account inventory through the normal functionality of the Service, including by emptying the trash folder in your Account inventory. In such event, the licenses granted by you in this Section 7 shall terminate in the manner provided below, but only for those particular copies or instances of Content that you have deleted from the Service.

You acknowledge that this termination will not apply to any other copies or instances of the same Content that you have not specifically deleted from the Service, including without limitation those that may be displayed elsewhere In-World and those that may be in the Account inventories of other users to whom you transferred copies.

You acknowledge that the Snapshot and Machinima Content License granted to Linden Lab and other users with respect to your Content will survive any such termination.

You also acknowledge that the Service Content License granted to Linden Lab with respect to your Content will survive any such termination solely as follows to permit Linden Lab: (i) to retain server copies of particular instances of your Content, including copies stored in connection with back-up, debugging, and testing procedures; and (ii) to enable the exercise of the licenses granted in this Section 7 for any other copies or instances of the same Content that you have not specifically deleted from the Service, including those that may be displayed elsewhere In-World or exist in other users' Account inventories.

7.6 Linden Lab owns Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Service, except all User Content, and in and to the Linden Marks.

Linden Lab owns Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Service, except all User Content, including the Linden Software, the Websites, the Servers, and the Linden In-World Content, and in and to our trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, taglines, and trade dress (collectively, the "Linden Marks"). You understand that such Intellectual Property Rights are apart from any rights you may have in Content you upload, publish or submit to the Service, as discussed above. You acknowledge and agree that Linden Lab and its licensors own all right, title, and interest in and to the Service, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein, other than with respect to User Content.

Use of the Linden Marks in whole or in part, including without limitation "Second Life," "SL," "Linden," and the Eye-in-Hand logo, is subject to the guidelines and terms of any applicable license provided in our Second Life Brand Center and Trademark Guidelines.. You understand and agree that without a written license agreement with Linden Lab, we do not authorize you to make any use of the Linden Marks.

Certain of the fonts in the Meta family of copyrighted typefaces are used in Second Life under license from FSI FontShop International. You acknowledge that you may not copy any Meta font that is included in the Viewer and that you may use any such Meta font solely to the extent necessary to use the Linden Software in Second Life and that you will not use such Meta fonts for any other purpose whatsoever.

Except as expressly granted in this Agreement, all rights, title, and interest in and to the Service, except all User Content, and in and to the Linden Marks are reserved by Linden Lab. Copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States and foreign countries protect the Service and the Linden Marks.

7.7 Linden Lab grants you certain licenses to access and use Second Life while you are in full compliance with the Terms of Service.

Linden Lab hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, limited, revocable license to access and use the Service as set forth in these Terms of Service and expressly conditioned upon you and each of your Accounts remaining active, in good standing, and in full compliance with these Terms of Service. Additional terms may apply to certain elements of the Service; these terms are available where such separate elements are made available on the Websites. If there is any contradiction between any additional terms and these Terms of Service, then the additional terms shall take precedence only in relation to that particular element of the Service.

Use of the Linden Software is subject to these Terms of Service and the terms of any applicable End User License Agreement (EULA) provided with such software. With respect to the source code for the Viewer and any other Linden Software that has been released by Linden Lab under an open source license, such software source code must be used in accordance with the applicable open source license terms and conditions.

If no EULA is provided with any Linden Software, such software is subject to the license terms set forth in this Section. Linden Lab hereby grants you a nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited license to install and use the object code of the Linden Software on any computer that you own or control. You may not charge any third party for using the Linden Software, and you may not modify, adapt, reverse engineer (except as otherwise permitted by applicable law notwithstanding such limitation), decompile or attempt to discover the source code of the Linden Software, or create any derivative works of the Linden Software, or otherwise use the Linden Software except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

Linden Lab provides access to Linden In-World Content and hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited, revocable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Linden In-World Content solely In-World as permitted through the normal functionality of the Service and under these Terms of Service, except that photographs, images, films, and videos of Linden In-World Content may be used in other areas of and outside the Service as provided in our Snapshot and Machinima Policy. To be clear, and without limiting the foregoing, you may not use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display or perform any Linden In-World Content, whether modified by you or not, outside the virtual world environment of the Service except as provided in the Snapshot and Machinima Policy or as expressly agreed upon in a written agreement with Linden Lab. The foregoing license is referred to as a "Linden In-World Content License."

You acknowledge that when you receive a Linden In-World Content License you do not acquire ownership of any copies of the Content, or transfer of any copyright or other intellectual property rights in the Content.

Any access to or use of the Service through a software client other than the Linden Software that logs into the Servers (referred to as a "Third-Party Viewer") is subject to these Terms of Service and the terms of the Policy on Third-Party Viewers. The Policy on Third-Party Viewers provides required and prohibited functionality for Third-Party Viewers as well as other terms for those who use, develop, or distribute Third-Party Viewers; however, Linden Lab offers and supports the Service only as offered by Linden Lab and is not obligated to allow access to or use of the Service by any software or means not provided by Linden Lab. You understand and agree that Linden Lab is not responsible or liable for any aspect of the Service that is accessed or experienced using software or other means not provided by Linden Lab.

Any use of the Service, including Content on the Service, other than as specifically authorized in this Agreement, without the prior written permission of Linden Lab, is strictly prohibited and will terminate all licenses granted herein.

7.8 You agree to respect the Intellectual Property Rights of other users, Linden Lab, and third parties.

You agree that you will not upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service any Content that is protected by Intellectual Property Rights or otherwise subject to proprietary rights, including trade secret or privacy rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from the rightful owner to upload, publish, or submit the Content and to grant Linden Lab and users of the Service all of the license rights granted in these Terms of Service.

You acknowledge that the Content of the Service is provided or made available to you under license from Linden Lab and independent Content providers, including other users of the Service ("Content Providers"). You acknowledge and agree that except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Intellectual Property Rights of Linden Lab and other Content Providers in their respective Content are not licensed to you by your mere use of the Service. You must obtain from the applicable Content Providers any necessary license rights in Content that you desire to use or access.

Linden Lab and other Content Providers may use the normal functionality of the Service, including the permissions system and the copy, modify, and transfer settings, to indicate how you may use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, or perform their respective Content solely In-World. You acknowledge and agree that the permissions system and other functionality of the Service do not grant you any license, consent, or permission to copy, modify, transfer, or use in any manner any Content outside the Service.

You agree that you will not copy, transfer, or distribute outside the Service any Content that contains any Linden In-World Content, in whole or in part or in modified or unmodified form, except as allowed by the Snapshot and Machinima Policy, or that infringes or violates any Intellectual Property Rights of Linden Lab, other Content Providers, or any third parties.

Linden Lab reserves the right, but is not obligated to use technological measures designed to prohibit the copying, transfer, or distribution of Content outside the Service when we in good faith believe that such copying, transfer, or distribution would or might violate the Intellectual Property Rights of our users, Linden Lab, or third parties.

You copy and use Content at your own risk. You are solely responsible and liable for your use, reproduction, distribution, modification, display, or performance of any Content in violation of any Intellectual Property Rights. You agree that Linden Lab will have no liability for, and you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Linden Lab harmless for, any claims, losses or damages arising out of or in connection with your use, reproduction, distribution, modification, display, or performance of any Content.

8. CONDUCT BY USERS OF SECOND LIFE

8.1 You agree to abide by certain rules of conduct, including the Community Standards and other rules prohibiting illegal and other practices that Linden Lab deems harmful.

You agree to read and comply with the Community Standards posted on the applicable areas of the Websites.

8.2 You will not post or transmit prohibited Content, including any Content that is illegal, harassing or violates any person's rights.

You agree that you will not:

(i) Post, display or transmit Content that violates any law, or the rights of any third party including without limitation Intellectual Property Rights;

(ii) Impersonate any person or entity without their consent, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation;

(iii) Post, display or transmit any material, object or text that encourages, represents, or facilitates sexual "age play," i.e., using child-like avatars in a sexualized manner. This activity is grounds for immediate termination. You may review our full Age Play Policy here. You understand and agree that we may report any and all such incidents -- and any and all of your corresponding personal information -- to any authorities we deem appropriate, whether or not it in and of itself violates the law of your (or any) jurisdiction;

(iv) Post, display or transmit Content that is harmful, threatening or harassing, defamatory, libelous, false, inaccurate, misleading, or invades another person's privacy;

(v) Post, display or transmit Content that is obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;

(vi) Operate or profit from a "game of chance" In Second Life. For more information please see our Gambling Policy;

(vii) Operate or profit from a virtual "bank" In Second Life. For more information please see our Banking Policy; or

(viii) Post, display or transmit any Content that is explicitly sexual, intensely violent or otherwise designated as Adult under our Maturity ratings, except as set forth in those ratings.

Any violation by you of the terms of this Section may result in immediate suspension or termination of your Accounts without any refund or other compensation.

8.3 You agree that you will not post or transmit Content or code that may be harmful, impede other users' functionality, invade other users' privacy, or surreptitiously or negatively impact any system or network.

You agree to respect both the integrity of the Service and the privacy of other users. You will not:

(i) Post or transmit viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware, time bombs, cancelbots, or other computer programming routines that may harm the Service or interests or rights of other users, or that may harvest or collect any data or personal information about other users without their consent;

(ii) Post or transmit unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, or promotional materials, that are in the nature of "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation that Linden Lab considers to be of such nature;

(iii) Use robots or other automated means to increase traffic to any Virtual Land;

(iv) Engage in malicious or disruptive conduct that impedes or interferes with other users' normal use of the Service;

(v) Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any other user's Account, password, Virtual Land or Content;

(vi) Violate our Second Life Mainland Policies, each of which is incorporated into this Agreement;

(vii) Violate our Maturity Guidelines. Aregion designated General is not allowed to advertise or make available content or activity that is sexually explicit, violent, or depicts nudity; or

(viii) If you are an adult, impersonate a minor for the purpose of interacting with a minor using the Service, or stalk, harass, or engage in any sexual, suggestive, lewd, lascivious, or otherwise inappropriate conduct with minors on the Service, or attempt to contact or meet with such minor outside the Service, including without limitation electronically or physically, if you have reason to know or Second Life concludes that you should have known you were interacting with a minor on the Service, or otherwise engage in any conduct that violates our Teen Safety Guidelines.

Any violation by you of the terms of this Section may result in immediate suspension or termination of your Accounts without any refund or other compensation.

Return to top
9. PRIVACY AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We are committed to protecting your privacy and will use your information only as described in our Privacy Policy.

Our Privacy Policy sets forth the conditions under which you provide personal and other information to us. You understand and agree that through your use of the Service you consent to the collection and use of your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you object to your information being used in this way, please do not use the Service.

Return to top
10. RELEASES, DISCLAIMERS, LIABILITY LIMITS AND INDEMNIFICATION

10.1 Linden Lab is NOT liable for its users' actions, and you release Linden Lab from any claims relating to other users.

You agree not to hold Linden Lab liable for the Content, actions, or inactions of other users. As a condition of access to the Service, you release Linden Lab (and its officers, directors, shareholders, agents, subsidiaries, and employees) from claims, demands, losses, liabilities and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any dispute you have or claim to have with one or more users, including whether or not Linden Lab becomes involved in any resolution or attempted resolution of the dispute. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." If you are a resident of another jurisdiction, you waive any comparable statute or doctrine.

You agree and understand that Linden Lab does not control and is not responsible for information you provide to parties other than Linden Lab.

10.2 Linden Lab provides the Service on an "as is" basis, without express or implied warranties, and all Content, Linden dollars and Virtual Land have no guarantee or warranty of any compensable value.

LINDEN LAB PROVIDES THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE LINDEN SOFTWARE, THE WEBSITES, THE SERVERS, THE LINDEN IN-WORLD CONTENT, AND YOUR ACCOUNT, STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WRITTEN OR ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

NO VALUE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IS GUARANTEED OR WARRANTED WITH RESPECT TO ANY CONTENT, LINDEN DOLLARS OR VIRTUAL LAND. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR CONTENT OR ANY EXPENDITURE ON YOUR PART, LINDEN LAB AND YOU EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY COMPENSABLE VALUE RELATING TO OR ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY DATA RELATING TO YOUR ACCOUNT RESIDING ON LINDEN LAB'S SERVERS. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK OF LOSS FROM USING THE SERVICE ON THIS BASIS.

Linden Lab does not ensure continuous, error-free, secure or virus-free operation of the Service, the Linden Software, the Websites, the Servers, or your Account, and you understand that you shall not be entitled to refunds or other compensation based on Linden Lab's failure to provide any of the foregoing other than as explicitly provided in this Agreement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, and to that extent, the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.

10.3 Linden Lab's liability to you is expressly limited, to the extent allowable under applicable law.

IN NO EVENT SHALL LINDEN LAB OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, SUBSIDIARIES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, RELIANCE, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR DISGORGEMENT OR COMPARABLE EQUITABLE REMEDY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE) OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE (INCLUDING ITS MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION), THE LINDEN SOFTWARE, THE WEBSITES, THE SERVERS, YOUR ACCOUNT (INCLUDING ITS TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION) OR THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT LINDEN LAB MAY HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT ANY SUCH DAMAGES MIGHT OR COULD OCCUR AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.

IN NO EVENT WILL LINDEN LAB'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00); OR (ii) THE RELEVANT AMOUNT SET FORTH IN SECTION 11 HEREIN, IF APPLICABLE.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the foregoing limitations of liability, so to the extent that any such limitation is found to be impermissible, such limitation may not apply to you.

10.4 You agree to indemnify Linden Lab from claims relating to your use of the Service.

At Linden Lab's request, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Linden Lab, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, and agents from all damages, liabilities, claims and expenses, including without limitation attorneys' fees and costs, arising from: (i) any breach or alleged breach by you of this Agreement, including without limitation your representations and warranties relating to your Content; or (ii) your acts, omissions or use of the Service, including without limitation your negligent, willful or illegal conduct. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim.

10.5 You are not our employee, and you have no rights to compensation.

You acknowledge that your participation in the Service, including your creation or uploading of Content in the Service, does not make you a Linden Lab employee and that you do not expect to be, and will not be, compensated by Linden Lab for such activities, and you will make no claim inconsistent with these acknowledgements. In addition, no agency, partnership, joint venture, franchise relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.

Return to top
11. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT

11.1 You may terminate your Accounts at any time.

You may terminate this Agreement by closing your Accounts at any time for any reason. In such event, Linden Lab shall have no further obligation or liability to you under this Agreement or otherwise, and you shall be entitled to no compensation or other payment, remedy, recourse or refund.

11.2 You may terminate your Accounts within thirty days of any Material Change to this Agreement.

These Terms of Service shall be effective upon the conclusion of the thirty (30) day period described in Section 1 above. If you do not wish to agree and abide by these Terms of Service, you have thirty (30) days to terminate your Accounts as described in Section 11.1 and conclude any outstanding Second Life, LindeX or related transactions. In such event, Linden Lab shall have no further obligation or liability to you under this Agreement or otherwise, and you shall not be entitled to any compensation or other payment, remedy, recourse or refund.

11.3 We may suspend or terminate your Accounts for violation of this Agreement. Your rights to any compensation or recourse are limited to those provided herein.

Linden Lab may suspend or terminate your Account if you violate this Agreement, along with any or all other Accounts held by you or otherwise related to you as determined by Linden Lab, and your violation of this Agreement shall be deemed to apply to all such Accounts. Upon termination of your Accounts, this Agreement between us will be automatically terminated and you may not re-subscribe to Second Life, or return to Second Life through other or future Accounts you or others may set up. In the event of termination by Linden Lab of your Accounts under this Section 11.3, you will be entitled to receive the stated current value of any credit balance held in your Account(s), i.e., amounts you have cashed out on the LindeX, as your exclusive remedy and our sole liability. This does not include any Linden dollar balance held in your Account(s). In order to receive any sums pursuant to this Section 11.3, you must establish and inform us of a verified PayPal account into which we may transfer those sums. We will deduct from any or all of the above sums any outstanding fees or charges due to Linden Lab.

We reserve the right to impose reasonable procedures and restrictions with respect to the above, including without limitation the right to verify your identity and Accounts, to limit transfers to verified PayPal accounts, to impose other anti-fraud measures, and to refuse to process funds we believe are the product of fraud or theft.

11.4 We may suspend or terminate your Account(s) to protect the best interests of Second Life and the Second Life community or if we believe you pose an unacceptable risk to the Second Life community.

We may suspend or terminate your Account if we determine in our discretion that such action is necessary or advisable to comply with legal requirements or protect the rights or interests of Linden Lab, the Second Life community or any third party.

We may suspend or terminate your Account(s) if we learn, or in good faith believe, that you are a Registered Sex Offender, that accessing Second Life may violate a condition of parole or probation, that you have engaged in or attempted to engage in conduct with minors on the Service that violates these Terms, or that you for any other reason may pose what we deem to be an unacceptable risk to the Second Life community.

11.5 We may suspend or terminate your Accounts upon a general suspension or discontinuation of the Service.

If Linden Lab elects to generally suspend or discontinue the Service, in whole or in part, for any reason, Linden Lab may suspend or terminate your Accounts. In such event, except as described in Section 11.3, you will not be entitled to compensation for such suspension or termination, and you acknowledge Linden Lab will have no liability to you in connection with such suspension or termination. You acknowledge and agree that a general suspension or discontinuation of the Service, in whole or in part, for any reason, will not constitute a Material Change requiring advance notice.

11.6 You will lose access to your Account and all licenses, Content, and data upon termination, and you understand this is a risk of participating in the Service.

Upon termination of your Account, you will no longer be able to access your Account or access (or transfer or direct the transfer to any other Account) any Content or data you have stored on the Servers. All licenses granted by Linden Lab to use the Service, including without limitation any Linden Dollar Licenses and any Virtual Land Licenses will automatically terminate. You acknowledge that you have elected to procure Linden Dollar Licenses or Virtual Land Licenses or any premium account or paid features of the Services notwithstanding the possibility of termination of such license rights under the circumstances set forth in this Agreement.

You should ensure that you have only stored Content on the Servers to which you are willing to permanently lose access. You acknowledge and assume the risk of the possibility of suspension or termination of your Account as provided herein, and you represent that you will make your decisions to participate in the Service, contribute Content, spend your money and dispose of transferable licenses at all times knowingly based upon these risks.

Upon termination, you will remain liable for any unpaid amounts owed by you to Linden Lab and Linden Lab has the right to set off any amounts owed by you or for which you are otherwise liable against any compensation that you may be entitled to under this Section 11.

11.7 Some terms of this Agreement will survive and continue after termination.

The following terms will survive any termination of this Agreement: Sections 7, 10, 11, 12 and 13.

Return to top
12. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION

12.1 If a dispute arises between you and Linden Lab regarding a claim for less than $10,000, either party may resolve it through Arbitration instead of Litigation.

Our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly.

Thus, for any claim related to this Agreement or our Service, excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief, where the total amount sought is less than ten thousand U.S. Dollars ($10,000.00 USD), either we or you may elect at any point in or during a dispute or proceeding to resolve the claim through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. A party electing arbitration shall initiate it through an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (a) the arbitration shall be conducted, at the option of the party seeking relief, by telephone, online, or based solely on written submissions; (b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and (c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

12.2 The applicable law and venue for any non-arbitrated dispute is California.

You agree that this Agreement and the relationship between you and Linden Lab shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. Further, you and Linden Lab agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California, except as provided in Section 12.1 regarding optional arbitration. Notwithstanding this, either party shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive or other equitable relief to protect or enforce that party's Intellectual Property Rights in any court of competent jurisdiction where the other party resides or has its principal place of business.

12.3 Improperly Filed Claims are Subject to Attorneys' Fees and Costs.

All claims you bring against Linden Lab must be resolved in accordance with this Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Section. All claims filed or brought contrary to this Dispute Resolution Section shall be considered improperly filed and a breach of these Terms of Service. Should either party file a claim contrary to this Dispute Resolution Section, the other party may recover attorneys' fees and costs up to one thousand U.S. Dollars ($1,000.00 USD), provided that such party seeking such fees has notified the other in writing of the improperly filed Claim, and the other has failed to promptly withdraw the Claim.

Return to top
13. GENERAL PROVISIONS

13.1 Second Life is a United States-based service.

Linden Lab makes no representation that any aspect of the Service is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Those who access the Service from other locations are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The Linden Software is subject to applicable export laws and restrictions.

13.2 You may not assign your Account; we may assign this Agreement.

You may not assign this Agreement or your Account without the prior written consent of Linden Lab. You may not transfer or sublicense any licenses granted by Linden Lab in this Agreement without the prior written consent of Linden Lab, except solely to the extent this Agreement permits transfer of the Linden Dollar Licenses and Virtual Land Licenses. Linden Lab may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, and all related rights, licenses, benefits and obligations, without restriction, including the right to sublicense any rights and licenses under this Agreement.

13.3 This Agreement and the referenced Policies are the entire understanding between us.

This Agreement, including the additional terms and policies referenced in Section 14, sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and Linden Lab with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings. This Agreement may not be modified except as provided in Section 1 or by mutual written agreement between you and Linden Lab that is signed by hand (not electronically) by duly authorized representatives of both parties and expressly references amendment of this Agreement.

You acknowledge that no other written, oral or electronic communications will serve to modify or supplement this Agreement, and you agree not to make any claims inconsistent with this understanding or in reliance on communications not part of this Agreement. The section headings used herein, including descriptive summary sentences at the start of each section, are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, references to a determination made in Linden Lab's discretion means that the determination will be made by Linden Lab in accordance with its good faith business judgment. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then in such jurisdiction that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.

13.4 We agree to provide each other with notices in a specified manner.

Linden Lab may give notice to and obtain consent from you by one or more of the following means: through the website at http://secondlife.com, through the Second Life Viewer at or after log-in to your Account, by electronic mail to your e-mail address in our records, or by written mail communication to the address on record for your Account. All notices given by you or required under this Agreement shall be faxed to Linden Lab Legal Department at: (415) 243-9045; or mailed to us at: Linden Lab Legal Department, 945 Battery Street, San Francisco, CA 94111.

Return to top
14. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND POLICIES

The following additional terms and policies are incorporated by reference in and made part of this Agreement, and provide additional terms, conditions and guidelines regarding the Service.

 * Linden Lab Privacy Policy * Intellectual Property Policy * Second Life Brand Center * Second Life Trademark Guidelines * Snapshot and Machinima Policy * Second Life Fee Schedule * Second Life Billing Policy * Second Life Marketplace Fee and Listing Policies * Community Standards * Second Life Mainland Policies * Gambling Policy * Banking Policy * Age Play Policy * Maturity Ratings * Policy on Third-Party Viewers
Linden Lab Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Second Life Brand Center
Second Life Trademark Guidelines
Snapshot and Machinima Policy
Second Life Fee Schedule
Second Life Billing Policy
Second Life Marketplace Fee and Listing Policies
Community Standards
Second Life Mainland Policies
Gambling Policy
Banking Policy
Age Play Policy
Maturity Ratings
Policy on Third-Party Viewers
Any other communications or Content made available by Linden Lab on the Service is not part of this Agreement and should not be relied upon as such, or consulted for contractual purposes, but rather is provided to assist and enhance the user experience in Second Life.

Return to top
Archive of Previous Terms

LINDEN LAB PRIVACY POLICY

Date of last revision: October 11, 2011

At Linden Lab, we are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining a strong bond of trust with our customers. This Privacy Policy explains the use of information collected via our Websites, the Second Life service and our customer service operations (collectively, "Second Life" or the "Service") that we operate. Your use of the Service indicates to us that you have read and accept our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

As further described below, we collect and maintain a range of data in order to provide our services to you and maintain a safe and secure platform. Access to your personal information is limited to (a) Linden Lab employees, and (b) service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as to provide or help Linden Lab provide products or services to you, provide payment, billing or similar services, or perform anti-fraud functions). As used in this Privacy Policy, the term "personal information" means any real world information that readily may be used to identify an individual, including but not limited to a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information.

This Privacy Policy refers to the online service Second Life and any websites operated by Linden Lab where this policy appears in the footer of the page (the "Websites"). It is divided into the following sections:

Your Privacy Rights
The Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Linden Lab's Protection and Disclosure of Your Information
Information Displayed to or Collected By Other Users
Linden Lab's Use of Cookies
Third Party Advertisements
Disclosing Personal Information in Profiles, Forums or within Second Life
Amendment of This Policy
Your Privacy Rights

If at any time you wish to opt out of receiving emails from Linden Lab containing newsletters, promotions, new features and benefit announcements, recommendations for locations and events, or special offers that target your interests in Second Life you may unsubscribe here: http://lindenmktg.p0.com/resubscribe.jsp.

You may also unsubscribe by postal mail, please address your request to:

Linden Research
Second Life Privacy Policy
ATTN: Opt-Out Administrator
945 Battery Street
San Francisco, CA 94111
Please indicate what publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needs.

The Information We Collect and How We Collect It

We collect a range of personal information and usage statistics to maintain a high-quality user experience and deliver superior customer service. We request some information directly from you during registration. We gather other pieces of data indirectly from Website traffic, your computer hardware and Internet connection, or your Second Life activities, communications and usage.

There are thus different levels of information we collect, depending upon your relationship to Linden Lab and how you use the Service:

Website Visitor: If you use our Websites, we automatically record information related to your IP address, Linden Lab cookie information, and aggregate information on what content you access or visit.
Mailing List Member: If you provide us personal information in order to subscribe to our mailing list, we collect information to aid delivery and preferences such as e-mail address and message performance statistics.
Registered Website Member: If you register on any of our Websites, we will track broad site usage information as well as aggregate usage of any Website community features such as downloads and forums.
Second Life User: If you install or use Second Life software, we collect and aggregate a variety of data to monitor system and simulation performance, and to verify your unique identity. This includes specific and general information about your computer hardware and Internet connection, which are stored together but are not personally identifiable. We track usage of customer service resources in order to ensure high quality interactions.
In-World Conduct: We may collect and retain any other information relating to your account data or in-world activities including chat or IM logs, IP address and logs, places visited in Second Life, and other users or parties to whom you transfer Linden dollars or other objects.
LindeX Transactions: If you conduct transactions on the LindeX, we may collect and retain some or all of the information related to these transactions, including amounts of transactions, parties involved, time and manner of exchange and cash-out, and other circumstances of the transactions.
Additionally there are a few special situations to note:
Intellectual Property Claim Notices: If you notify us of an intellectual property claim, the information in your claim notice may be shared with other parties to the disagreement or third parties in our discretion and as required by law. We believe that sharing intellectual property claim information with other parties helps resolve the disagreement in many cases. For more information, see our Intellectual Property Policy.
Service Beta User: If you volunteer to serve as a beta user for pre-commercial content, we will track bug reports and potentially individual system performance in an effort to rigorously test technology before it is deployed.
Former Customer: If you cease being a customer of ours, we will keep a copy of your registration file in our database for use in the event you wish to rejoin Second Life, and for anti-fraud and other purposes.
Response to Job Postings or Unsolicited Communications: Please note that information we receive in reference to a job posting or via unsolicited communications does not fall under the privacy terms outlined in this policy; however, information from your resume will be used solely for the purposes of evaluating your candidacy for employment.
Individuals Outside of the United States: Anyone using Second Life or the Linden Lab Websites from outside of the United States should be aware that personal information collected on these Websites may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Linden Lab or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
We May Communicate With or Email You: You agree that Linden Lab (including through its agents) may communicate with you via email and any similar technology for any purpose relating to the Service, the Linden Software and any services or software which may in the future be provided by Linden Lab or on Linden Lab's behalf.
Linden Lab's Protection and Disclosure of Your Information

Except under certain limited circumstances set forth here and in our Terms of Service ("Terms of Service"), Linden Lab does not disclose to third parties the personal information or other account-related information you provide us, such as IP address, without your permission. You understand, however, that Linden Lab may disclose your personal or other account-related information under the following circumstances:

If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary under applicable law, or to comply with legal process served on Linden Lab;
In order to protect and defend the rights or interests of Linden Lab, Second Life or the users of Second Life;
In order to report to law enforcement authorities, or assist in their investigation of, suspected illegal or wrongful activity, or to report any instance in which we believe a person may be in danger;
To service providers with whom we have contracted to assist us with Second Life features or operations (such as anti-fraud functions, billing, collections, registration, customer support, email delivery, age verification or LindeX operations), to fulfill your service requests, offer new content or help us improve our Service. Our contracts with these third parties prohibit them from using any of your personal information for purposes unrelated to the product or service they are providing;
To other third parties (a) to provide you with services you have requested, (b) to offer you information about our Service (e.g., events or features), or (c) to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service). For instance, we may provide certain information to our payment processor, to credit card associations, banks or issuers (if you are using a credit card), to PayPal (if you are using a PayPal account), or to providers of other services you request. If you choose to use these third parties' products or services, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policies. You should evaluate the practices of third party providers before deciding to use their services; and
To other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice.
Information Displ
nformation Displayed to or Collected By Other Users

Certain account information is displayed to other users in your Second Life profile, and may be available through automated script calls and application program interfaces. This information includes your account name, account type, the date your account was established, whether or not you are currently online, user rating information, group and partner information, and whether or not you have established a payment account or transaction history with Linden Lab. Further, you agree and understand that Linden Lab does not control and is not responsible for information, privacy or security practices concerning data that you provide to, or that may otherwise be collected by, Second Life users other than Linden Lab. For instance, some services operated by Second Life users may provide content that is accessed through and located on third party (non-Linden Lab) servers that may log IP addresses.

Linden Lab's Use of Cookies

A cookie is a small string of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier sent to your browser from a website's computers, and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.

You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) However, if you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use certain of our (or other companies') web pages.

Linden Lab and third parties acting on our behalf use cookies for a number of purposes relating to the Websites including to:

Access your account information when you "log in" to our Websites, forums, or other areas;
Keep track of your Website session data, including orders from our Land Store and the LindeX exchange; and
Keep track of certain information that is then aggregated (i.e., not connected to your personal information), such as how you use our Websites, what web pages you visit, and the frequency and length of those visits.
Third Party Advertisements

Linden Lab participates in ad and/or affiliate networks operated by various third party companies. These companies collect and may use certain anonymous information about your visits to our Websites as a function of referring Internet traffic to our Websites. We do not permit these companies to collect any personal information about you, such as your name, address, or email address; however, we do permit these companies to collect your IP address. These companies may set and use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to collect anonymous information about your visits to our Websites, and may otherwise aggregate, analyze and anonymize that data. If you seek information about these specialized advertising technologies, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.

Disclosing Personal Information in Profiles, Forums or within Second Life

You may choose to disclose personal information in our online forums, via your Second Life profile, directly to other users in chat or otherwise while using Second Life. Please be aware that such information is public information and you should not expect privacy or confidentiality of this information.

Amendment of this Policy

We may need to update our Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in the types of information we collect, the means we use to collect information, or our usage of collected information. We will make reasonable efforts to alert you to these changes when they occur. Changes take effect immediately upon posting to our Websites. You may update the personal data you provide to us during registration by contacting our support portal. If you wish to update your billing information, you may contact us toll-free (from the US/Canada) at 800-294-1067 or at 703-286-6277.

(C)2013 Linden Research, Inc.
"When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, "Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping." To this day, especially in times of "disaster," I remember my mother's words and I am always comforted by realizing that there are still so many helpers -- so many caring people in this world."   Fred "Misterrogers" Rogers   http://www.fci.org/new-site/par-tragic-events.html
76 78 72

lib
tax
fax

July 26, 2013
216pm
mindyk4 51 minutes ago

Yeah, I thought it was something like this: Whitney Mongiat has said her husband James had been egging her on

She said she felt like she was being bullied and has filed for divorce Whitney, who works as a nurse, said her husband had promised to take her to the lake with some friends, but he changed his mind after they got into an argument.

She said her breakdown was caused by him egging her on and that she felt like she was being bullied.
vvvv

virtual machine  2009-12-17
 notes where? In that directory
 look at site in its home site for password
 connect the appliance to the network
 "lenny" Debian 5.0
 reinstall in my VMs
 gftn !
 README
 network interface
a-i
invoke 'services' from cmd line
leslie caron

the holiday stretch
14 pi
16 john
17 yp
19 pirate
21 feastday
25 n months to christmas, surprise day

cnatb9
^^^^^^^

WE ARE PROCEEDING THROUGH THE PROBLEMS.
WWaDJ

http://earth.google.com/getest.html
archlinux vmware md5 6c03bbc3b321c55bf05305033854c01d

Swap ENTER and sENTER in Wordpad.

CTRL-1 for single line spacing (in case you cut-pasted some oddly spaced text),
CTRL-2 for double spaced, and
CTRL-5 for 1.5 line spaced

a-i
HTBACH
kitchen
dress
balance emerald

If you "cannot afford to look for another job", then you will end up submitting to slavery.
But 'slavery' is something people die to escape.

You need to be around ppl who are what you want to be.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKjHYn6ZLf4

esc hours   830-500

(919) 354-2748

   cut hours
   the shutdown
a-i
ckbk
ask iabout it
bi-6T
https://www.dropbox.com/s/y9vryafslzb9dfy/receptorsOverOcean.kmz
https://www.dropbox.com/s/6l1o9ffn2raank3/eyeball.kml

------------------------------------------------

(This is not that far fetched, I tell you. Something similar happened to me a year ago, when I found a distant blood connection between my family and a famous political family. Suddenly, our family knows that we are descended from William the Conqueror and a bunch of famous European rulers ... and it doesn't make the slightest bit of real difference anywhere. It turns out almost everyone is related to almost everyone else.)

Great googly moogly!  When did THIS happen?  Of course, all the leaders of Schaffer's troop are better musicians than they usually get to show us.  But Will Lee's vocal range has never been in evidence before, and Felicia Collins was at her best here.  But to have Jimmy Webb himself in there, one can hear the piano intro the way it is supposed to sound.

dress
sideeffects
SR papers near cross

_aDisplay_The_downsides_of_Cats.txt
+++ The downsides of Cats
We had just gotten a kitten, over my objection. One Saturday morning, I was sitting at the computer in my
pajamas.

The cute thing got up on the sofa's arm, which we had covered with a cloth. She tried to walk on it, fell off, but caught herself before reaching the floor, hanging by her front claws
in the upholstery. She swung there in the air for a half second, then began to climb up, moving one paw up and digging her claws in ....

Wait a minute! Did I say that was the arm on the sofa?  No, it was my LEG, inside the pajamas, that she had tried to walk on, and now she was hanging by her claws, her claws dug in deep.  I screamed "AHRRHHHHRHHHRHHRRRRRRRR!" and grabbed the little kitten and almmmoooossst flung her across the room.  Yes, I knew my wife (the wife who had wanted the kitten, over my objection) was sleeping in the next room. I did not care.

She walked in about five minutes later, now awake. "What's going on?" she curiously asked. I just showed her the paw-shaped arrangements of claw marks on my leg, still pouring blood out.

Wide-eyed, "oh", she said, much impressed.  Sort of 'that-little-kitten-did-that?'

I don't know why, but it is seven years later, the cat now weighs almost fourteen pounds, and occasionally tries the same thing. Her claws are still sharp.

(So we got rid of it. Both kittens. Long gone.)
(Yeah, right.
(Seven years lete

Why do we do this? Why do we do this to ourselves?

Maybe like those durn mice in the HHGTTG thing.
_aDisplay_default.txt
+++
I have always loved the premise of this show, and was lucky enough to have seen it the one night it was on.  An unsold pilot, I understand why they couldn't make a show of it. But I bet the writers here on LiveJournal could come up with plot lines for it.

"We'll Take Manhattan" was a sitcom.  The U.S. government had discovered an ancient Native American document explaining the "sale" of Manhattan. Yes, the Dutch had run into some natives and "bought" the island for about $24 worth of beads, but the natives were just visiting from Staten Island and had successfully fooled them.  The REAL owners, the indian tribe that lived there, never sold the island ... and, if they still lived there, then they still owned it.

And it happens that there always had been at one of the tribe living on Manhattan, and that they had never dropped their claim to the land, and currently the tribe's chief lives there.

So the U.S. government realizes that -- he -- is the sole owner of the most expensive real estate in the world.  And they don't want the news to get out, so they coddle the guy and protect him as he takes his daily walk through New York.

SJ

Delete all the juniper setup   USE MSIE.

Take the first guy. He sees two red hats.

He says "Suppose I have a white hat. Then of course all three of us still raise our hands.  I see two red hats, they each see a red and a white."

He goes on. "But now the second and third guys should be thinking, do I have a white hat on, like the first guy? Then the last guy would have seen two white hats and not raised his hand! I must have a red hat!"

And the first guy finishes "So if neither the second guy nor the third guy has figured that out, then I don't have a white hat!" And the first guy stands up.

http://mystical-faction.blogspot.com/2013/08/making-most-of-kindle-paperwhites-web.html

reading the web
http://www.google.com/gwt/n             <--
http://kinstant.com/?myzipcode=27713# links news weather <--
http://www.readingthenet.com/  also a passthrough with TOC
http://www.readingthenet.com/bookoftheweb RTN uses googleizer
(and wants google login)

editing notes
http://pen.io/     Actually a blog site.
http://scribz.net/
http://www.jotminder.mobi/utilhandler.html?mode=dt

ebooks
http://www.pixelofink.com/
http://freekindlebooks.org/

RSS

news
http://m.bbc.co.uk/news
http://ereadplus.com/feeds.php

search
http://m.bing.com
http://cantoni.mobi/  <-- directory!

weather
http://ereadplus.com/
http://kinstant.com/?myzipcode=27713#

apps
http://ereadplus.com/

Hi, Kevin. Just as a last thought on your ex, have you ever identified this ex online, especially here? If there is any way someone could put her name together with 'grandma was a nazi', like with the web robots, then I wonder if you might want to take that post down or change its security to 'very private' or "Just Me". There might be the potential of a libel suit here. But I am not a lawyer...

o306
OVERDRIVE for Windows Version 3.4
(February 2015)
This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement made between OverDrive, Inc. One OverDrive Way, Cleveland, Ohio 44125 USA, ("Licensor"), and You (licensee and user of the Software). By selecting the "Next" button and using the software, you are confirming your acceptance of the software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms, then do not install the software. In consideration of the foregoing covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
Licensor grants to you a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, limited license to the OverDrive for Windows and OverDrive Media Explorer ("Software") in machine-readable code for evaluation and testing purposes only. The Software is licensed as a single product. Its component parts may not be separated for independent use. You may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on or in the Software. You may not sell, transfer, rent, lease or otherwise sub-license the Software or documentation to any third party under any circumstances. You may not in any way modify the Software. Any modifications to the Software will negate and void the limited warranties expressed herein. You shall not create modifications or adaptations to the Software or documentation in whole or in part including but not limited to translating or creating derivative works; furthermore, you shall not be permitted to disassemble or reverse compile the Software for any reason whatsoever.
You shall not use the Software to develop any software or other technology having the same primary function as the Software, including but not limited to using the Software in any development or test procedure that seeks to develop like software or other technology, or to determine if such software or other technology performs in a similar manner as the Software.
The Software is for your personal, non-commercial use. You shall not download and/or install the Software on public Internet terminals and/or computers, without prior written permission from OverDrive.
IMPORTANT: During the term of this License Agreement, Licensor may make available to you upgrades and revisions to the Software including the production version of the Software. In the event Licensor releases and makes available by posting on Licensor's website at www.overdrive.com any upgraded or replacement version of the Software, you shall obtain such newer version and cease use of the prior release of the Software. You further acknowledge that Licensor has advised you that you may use Version 3.4 of the Software to test and evaluate its use but may not rely on Version 3.4 release of the Software for any commercial purpose whatsoever. You are advised that Version 3.4 of the Software may contain bugs and may change during the Version 3.4 rendering the Software incompatible with other software. You agree to limit your use of Version 3.4 of the Software to activities that are evaluation and testing related and not for any production purposes.
OWNERSHIP: You acknowledge and agree that OverDrive, Inc., and its suppliers, maintain exclusive ownership of and to Software, in all forms and all copies thereof including, without limitation, any and all worldwide copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trademarks, and proprietary and confidential information rights associated with Software. Copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties protect the Software. The Software is licensed, not sold. You shall not prepare derivative works of Software or any portion thereof. No ownership rights in any of Software are transferred to you. You acknowledge and warrant that nothing in this Agreement gives you the right, title or interest in Software except for your limited express rights granted pursuant to Section 1 of this Software License Agreement.
THIRD PARTY ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: Portions of the Software utilize or include third party software and other copyrighted material. The Software includes certain software owned by Apple Computer, Inc. licensed by OverDrive, Inc. Portions of the Software utilize or include materials that are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1. ("License"). You may obtain a copy of the License at www.mozilla.org/MPL/.
DIGITAL CONTENT: Use of the Software and associated services, along with the digital content (collectively "Content") grants you a non-exclusive, limited time, non transferable license to use the Content for your personal, non-commercial, entertainment use, subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You may copy, store, transfer and burn the Digital Content only for your personal, non-commercial, entertainment use. For Content downloaded from a library service, at the end of the lending period, your license to the Content terminates, and you may no longer use or access the Content. At the end of the lending period, you are required to delete and/or destroy any and all copies of the Content. In the event OverDrive, the library or other rights holders determines you are violating permitted uses of the Content, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your ability to use or access an OverDrive service or the Content. You shall not use the Software or any other means to download and/or install Content on public Internet terminals and/or computers without prior written permission from OverDrive.
RESTRICTIONS: You represent, warrant and agree that you will use the Content only for your personal, non-commercial, entertainment use and not for any redistribution of the Content or other use restricted in this Section. You agree not to infringe the rights of the Content's copyright owners and to comply with all applicable laws in your use of the Content. You will not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, sub-license or otherwise transfer or use the Content. You are not granted any synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction or distribution rights for the Content. You acknowledge that the Content embodies the intellectual property of a third party and is protected by law.
CONFIDENTIALITY: You acknowledge that Software is confidential information of Licensor and that it embodies certain valuable proprietary information and trade secrets. Accordingly, during the term of this Agreement, you agree to use Software only in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You agree to implement procedures to prevent other persons from obtaining access to or use of Software without your knowledge and Licensor's prior express written permission. Furthermore, with respect to the Software, you acknowledge the uniqueness of such Software and that Licensor will suffer irreparable harm shall you fail to abide by the terms and conditions herein. You further agree that Licensor may, in addition to recovering legal damages, proceed in equity to obtain injunctive relief to enjoin you from violating Licensor's rights in Software.
NO WARRANTIES.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF DELIVERY.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
LICENSOR SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY IF THE SOFTWARE HAS BEEN ALTERED IN ANY WAY, OR FOR ANY FAILURE THAT ARISES OUT OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE WITH OTHER THAN A RECOMMENDED HARDWARE CONFIGURATION, PLATFORM OR OPERATING SYSTEM.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: In no event will Licensor be liable for any damages whatsoever including but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages or other pecuniary loss arising out of use or inability to use the Software, even if licensor has been advised of the possibilities of such damages.
NO MAINTENANCE OR SUPPORT: This Agreement does not express or entitle you to any support or maintenance for the Software.
TERMINATION: Licensor may terminate this Agreement and any license to use the Software at its discretion. Upon termination, you shall destroy and remove from any and all systems all copies of the Software. All disclaimers of warranties and limitation of liability set forth in this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
SEVERABILITY: In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, said unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION: This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted, and enforced by the laws of the State of Ohio. Any legal action brought involving the Software and/or Agreement shall be brought only in the courts of the State of Ohio, in the County of Cuyahoga, or in the federal courts located in such state (and county). Both parties to this Agreement submit to venue and jurisdiction in these courts. In the event that an action or claim arises outside of the exclusive jurisdiction specified herein which names OverDrive, Inc. as a party, Licensor and you specifically agree to initiate, consent to and/or cooperate with any and all efforts to remove the matter to the exclusive jurisdiction named herein, or otherwise take any and all reasonable actions to achieve the objectives of this provision.
OUTSIDE THE U.S.: The limitations or exclusions of warranties and liability contained in this Agreement do not affect or prejudice the statutory rights of a consumer, i.e., a person acquiring goods otherwise than in the course of a business. The limitations or exclusions of warranties, remedies or liability contained in this Agreement shall apply to you only to the extent such limitations or exclusions are permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction where you are located.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement and understanding of the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and proposals, oral or written. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a subsequent agreement in writing signed by each of the parties and may not be modified by course of conduct.
U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: Distribution and use of the Software and derivative works thereof to and by the United States Government will be subject to the Restricted Rights as set forth in subparagraph (c) (1) ii of the rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFAR 252.227-7013. All software is commercial computer software developed at private expense. Use, duplication or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in FAR 52.277-19(c)(2) where applicable or the applicable provisions of the DFAR supplement 252.227.7013 subdivision (a)(15) or (a)(17).
GENERAL: All questions concerning this Agreement shall be directed to: OverDrive, Inc. One OverDrive Way, Cleveland, Ohio 44125 USA Attention: General Counsel.
Important Notice About Copyrighted Materials: The laws of copyright protect the digital content ("Content") that is made available in this software and associated OverDrive services. Copyrights in the Content are held by their respective owners. The Content embodies the intellectual property of a third party and is protected by law. You may use the Content only for your personal, non-commercial use. The Content and any other copyrighted material may not be modified, copied, distributed, shared, displayed, emailed, transmitted, sold or otherwise transferred, conveyed or used, in a manner inconsistent with the Agreement, or rights of the copyright owner. You will not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, sub-license or otherwise transfer the Content. You are not granted any synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction or distribution rights for the Content. For Content downloaded from a library service, at the end of the lending period, your license to the Content terminates, and you may no longer use or access the Content. At the end of the lending period, you are required to delete and/or destroy any and all copies of the Content. In the event OverDrive, the library or other rights holders determines you are violating permitted uses of the Content, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your ability to use or access an OverDrive service or the Content.

disavowal

(spd-say "Walk right up and say"); sleep 1.6 ; (spd-say -r -50 -p +80 "Howdy do!")

This is a fascinating essay and good incentive to pay attention and to be involved, but while I agree with the observations, I don't share in the conclusions. Primary season is still nine months away. And the primaries are where the parties shake out their candidates and when the unknown candidates work their way into the spotlight. It is a process that strengthens the parties. Remember in 2008 when clinton and obama and a whole other bunch fought their way to the nomination and then the party united behind the nominee. And I won't forget 1988 when people figured Bush Sr. would probably run and that there were quite a few in both parties that wanted the nomination, and despite that there were NO candidates that got anyone excited, and especially boring was Bush -- but Bush got the job anyway and now darn it we are two bush presidencies later and another one of his kids wants to run. ---- The article misses the fact that Obama's organization is still pumping away, (formerly Obama For America, lately Organizing For America) and it is very well honed. That is a player to watch; Up to and through the primaries, Hillary and the others will get more fine tuning from running up against Sanders and courting Warren and dealing with the third parties and republicans The result may be that third parties may give their grudging support in a seal, and Bernie Sanders may stay in the tent giving the nominee his support. .... So, Yes, it is dire and important, keeping the supreme court in mind, but ............. do not set our minds on one candidate yet, not for another year. During the next nineteen months the parties can pick and hone very very strong candidates. It has happened time and again. Gear up for a marathon, and watch out for the surprises.

FIREFOX TITLE BAR
Press ALT and it appears, temporarily.  Wasted about 3/4 of an hour on this today, and I remember one other time that was the case.

gmail
gnucash
bohemia
bohemian
rebecca

o724 0355
NC CFZ-6266

?Dodge?  Grand Caravan  (sheep with horns on emblem)
gray or silver
big van
vukk (wife has the second part)

Thank-you so much. That is a Native American Prayer. We are Native American and had that prayer framed on out wall for years. heart emoticon
Condolences & Sympathy Messages

Do not stand at my grave and weep
I am not there, I do not sleep.
I am a thousand winds that blow.
I am the diamond glints on snow.
I am the sunlight on ripened grain.
I am the gentle autumn rain.
When you awaken in the morning's hush
I am the swift uplifting rush
Of quiet birds in circled flight.
I am the soft stars that shine at night.
Do not stand at my grave and cry
I am not there, I did not die.
Mary Frye

bal483QU

suntrust.com uses an invalid security certificate. The certificate is not trusted because no issuer chain was provided. (Error code: sec_error_unknown_issuer)

If you understand what's going on, you can tell Firefox to start trusting this site's identification. Even if you trust the site, this error could mean that someone is tampering with your connection.

Don't add an exception unless you know there's a good reason why this site doesn't use trusted identification.

====================================================================
          . Timmy is smaller than Patrick.

o531_0903 Look, how about something that illustrates the "desirable future"? Prayer list.
[_] k807 0810 .         Two very important concepts:
              .         .         Find the two things that will
              .         .           create tension, often around an uncomfortable present and a more desirable future.
              .         .         Understand how, when and where the
              .         .           person will move and design your tensions system to move them in the right direction.
DESIGN THE TENSIONS SYSTEM.
He figures out about Dad. He needed a reminder about Patrick.
He figures out about Jail.
"God had saved him.  Going to jail, spending his life as a murderer, all to
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 prevent one year (out of sixteen) of abuse?"
============================================================================

http://www.linuxmint.com/rel_rebecca_cinnamon_whatsnew.php

Allstate Insurance: Gregory Ealy
5611 Highway 55, Ste 202, Durham, NC 27713
(919) 237-1412 | website | More Info

Allstate
200 Meredith Dr, Durham, NC 27713
(919) 544-7871 | More Info

Allstate Insurance: Tae Kim
4837 Hwy Nc 55 10B, Durham, NC 27713
(919) 560-9000 | website | More Info

Allstate Insurance: Cody Holliday
4324 S Alston Ave, Ste 106, Durham, NC 27713
(919) 249-7291 | website | More Info

I started my next sentence with "Another ..."
EXCEPT
instead of shift A n o t h e r space
my finger slipped
and I did control a n o t
and
found that I had SELECTED EVERYTHING AND DELETED EVERYTHING IN THE WHOLE FILE AND I WAS LEFT WITH A BLANK SCREEN AND THE WORD
                                                      not
IN THE UPPER LEFT CORNER.
And that is only one of the reasons why I love Undo.
And try to save every editing session every few minutes.

CREW MOVIE

english is such a huge "mechanic's nightmare" (or some other term).  It was cobbled together over thousands of years now.  Why was it so hard to ask "What is the 'Crew Movie'?" I got the answers "Um, mumble mumble" and "Um, why do you want to know?" and "private showing, (nasty) sir!"  One assumption could have been that I was trying to find out the "Title" and would want to know if it was "Star Wars" or "Animal House", so I could try to see it.  But in fact, I was on a cruise ship, and thought that maybe it was joint project of crew members and we passengers were supposed to see it and see what the crew filmed. I also wondered if it was a film with the title "Crew Movie" and they just had used a makeshift sign.  But it turned out that it was just the same films the passengers got to see, but at a time and place in which no passengers were allowed, so the crew could relax by themselves.

Sitcom pioneer
Peg Lynch

Lynch's mother was a nurse at the famed Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn. When she was 15, a classmate's father asked Lynch if she could help him at his local radio station, KROC. She wrote copy for air and interviewed celebrities who came to town, usually to visit the Mayo --- such as baseball great Lou Gehrig, actress Jeanette MacDonald, and writer Ernest Hemingway. She liked radio, and after college, worked at KATE in Albert Lea, Minn., where she really started to write: commercials, a daily half-hour women's show, a weekly theater show, a weekly farm news show, three 10-minute plays per week, and two 5-minute sketches per week. As if that wasn't enough, she created a "filler" that she called "Ethel and Albert" --- a 3-minute spot that eventually grew, as she was hired away by other stations, into a daily 15-minute show about the lives of a fictional married couple, Ethel and Albert Arbuckle of the fictional town, Sandy Harbor. In 1944 Ethel and Albert went national on the Blue Network (which later became ABC television), making Lynch one of the first women to create a national radio show, let alone a sitcom, and Lynch was smart enough to keep ownership of the show, even turning down a lucrative offer from NBC. When no suitable actress was found for the national rollout, Lynch played Ethel herself; Richard Widmark was hired to play Albert. Widmark was soon replaced by Alan Bunce, and he stayed in the role for more than 20 years. In 1949 the show expanded to 30 minutes; in 1950 it debuted on TV as a 10-minute spot on another show, and by 1953 it was its own half-hour program. Because Lynch owned the show, she was able to secure her own sponsors and move it to other networks when necessary, but it was finally canceled in mid-1956 ...at which point it went back to radio, renamed "The Couple Next Door". Lynch liked radio better anyway: performing in front of cameras with a studio audience "spoiled my timing," Lynch once said, because "I would have to hold up for the laugh."

What was the show about? Essentially, nothing: "I base my show on the little things in life," she said in 1950. "I believe that people like to find out that other people have some of the same problems they do." That may sound familiar. "I've heard from various people over the years that the conversational style in 'Ethel and Albert' is similar to a show I've never seen," Lynch said in 2014. "'Siegfield'? 'Zigfeld'? 'Feigold'? Something like that?" That run of the show lasted until 1960, but the concept returned in revivals and specials until 1964. Every episode was aired live, and sadly few of the early shows were recorded. All along, Lynch wrote the show too; during her career, it's estimated she wrote about 11,000 TV and radio scripts. The show combined "the domestic comedy of a vaudeville-based era with a keen modern sensibility," said radio historian Gerald Nachman. "Lynch made her comic points without stooping to female stereotypes, insults, running gags, funny voices or goofy plots." She died July 24 at her home in Massachusetts, at 98.

From This is True for 26 July 2015

https://www.cfa.harvard.edu/~dfabricant/huchra/zcat/cfa2.n30.gif

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heterodoxy   o818 0628  The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings, but voice this disagreement while still maintaining the overall value of the tradition.[citation needed] The heterodox Christian therefore remains in the tradition and attempts to stimulate constructive dialogue around issues with which they disagree.

http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://kaiserpapers.org/images/os%252520scan%252520low%252520res.jpg&imgrefurl=http://imglop.com/road-to-success-poster.asp&h=3300&w=3064&tbnid=4TkcaodCB8583M:&docid=-swHZipqx88RDM&ei=O7HbVa6aBsbn-AGc_ZjABw&tbm=isch&ved=0CB0QMygBMAFqFQoTCO6j0Oj3wscCFcYzPgodnD4GeA

+++ SEARCHES
plot of The Tickler.

word for 'final status'

denouement

prescott bush

drain air gap

siege machine

Is The Lonliness of the Long Distance Runner an allegory for Salvation? He has WON, but then he throws it away and is sent back to hell

'dont eat  daisies'  poisonous?
hdi remove from cloud?

picasso painting 'dogs+birds post hunt' - before 'lady / tramp' thing 'upset with dogs commotion until vermin is found'

o913_0713 Started just after 7. I am trying to get the H_Holder in place.
          .
          Spent time this week getting the letter all set, and Saturday at 8:35
          mailed it off (o911_letter.doc, not .org) with the printout of the .doc file (textMdraftForEditorAtGuideposts_v6_3.doc ???)
          in a 9x12.5 brown envelope, 14 sheets of paper.  Lot
          of prayer, and the flub(s) I made may have been the will of God.

          The stapler didn't work right at work, and then the ones at home didn't
          either. The first page was a bit of a mess, showing 3 or 4 attempts
          to staple.  But God prompted me to reprint just the first and last
          sheet (pp1&2, and pp25&26).
          .
          I Pray:
          God, Father.  Please bless that package as it trables and after it is delivered.  May Your will be done.
          .
o913_1720 I turned the first sheet around, o the title and little picture will be facing
          Ed Grissom when he moves the letter (which is two pages).  That
          put the little 'I thought of your publishing' at the top of a blank second page, and
          perhaps God intends that he will have to pause and rethink after reading
          the very first page.
          ,
0723      RIght now, I am functioning by typing into the aDisplayThis.txt file.
          .
          Also, right now, a big question is 'What do I do now that a version
          of this work is out there?  Lot of prayer to come this hour.  But
          1st, let us get the right H_Holder, because I did some of this work
          working out of a thumbdrive. 0725 And HM said.

opcert6.dat & wand.dat

Hi, Lauren,

I ran across notes on an old church bulletin of mine, and
I suspect that the "sermon on racism" was given Sunday,
June 21.  It looks like Pastor drew some comparisons
between the "storm" of anger and arguments that was
raging back in June and the storm Jesus stopped on the
Sea of Gallilee.

The three payments are all in.  I suspect the straggler was the
September 4th lesson that took a long time.  Your account has
$113 in it now.

fighting on an empty stomach
soldiers and food
death of quiesay

http://www.gocomics.com/doonesbury/1991/03/11

Love,
Me

http://forecast.weather.gov/MapClick.php?lat=35.9102&lon=-78.9198&unit=0&lg=english&FcstType=graphical

PALEMOON
    Linux
        no back button
        cannot autofill gmail password?
    Windows
        autofilling in John account

I went to a liberal arts college and took an english class from a writer that actually was rather famous a few years later, with well-known books and a TV movie.

She would talk on and on, in person and in places in her books, about how alone we all are, in the end.  I find I agree with her.  I really don't want it to be this way, and I hate it, but there it is.

I swear, it would be different if we were all the sorts of people with lots of money and lots of discretionary time.  We'd be able to spend our time and money on each other.

Instead, the capitalistic world we are in is slowly morhphing into something different, with some new upper class (and we aren't in it) and a peasant class that basically has to scrounge each day.

And then we are alone.  I'd like to say that we all have each other, on the web.  It's true.  But there is a difference between the virtual and physical presences.

God's Blessings on you, John.

Dahl  -   DCL Offerings
K copy of
Oldest paper copy of
v/Bio of Dahl
The Peach?

  The Factory

The answer is one in a hundred.
Every person who gets on either takes their seat or another seat.
Did they take YOUR seat?  Here are the odds that they did NOT.

The first one has a 99 out of 100 chance of not taking your seat.
If they did not, then
The second one has a 98 out of 99 chance of not taking your seat.
If they did not, then
The third one has a 97 out of 98 chance of not taking your seat.

On and on.  Finally
If they did not, then
the last person before you has the choice of two seats, yours and another.
That last one has a 1 out of 2 chance of not taking your seat.

So what is the chance that no one has taken your seat?
It is exactly

   99 * 98 * 97 *   ...  * 1

-------------------------------

   100 * 99 * 98 * ...  * 2

... And, you can tell right away that the answer cancels out to 1 over 100 .

I want that prize!  I'll probably just frame it and put it on my wall at work.

Landlord Training Workshop

    November 19, 2015 - November 19, 2015
    City of Durham Neighborhood Services Dept
    807 E Main St Ste 2-300, Durham, NC 27701
    8am-5pm
    $10
    (919) 560-1647

This following is from my favorite eZine, "This Is True".

BAD MONTH TO BE A DRUMMER

So far, that includes: José Luis Properzi of Argentine band The Super Mice, dead November 3 at 48; Eddie Hoh was a rock drummer for The Mamas & the Papas, The Monkees, and Donovan, and died November 7 at 71; Brandon Carlisle, a punk rock drummer with the American band Teenage Bottlerocket, dead November 7 at 37; Bogdan Enache a Romanian drummer with Goodbye to Gravity, who succumbed November 8 to burns from the Colectiv nightclub fire (age not in my sources); Andy White, a British session drummer known as "The Fifth Beatle" (he played on "Love Me Do" while Ringo beat a tambourine), who died from a stroke on November 9 at 85; and Phil Taylor, drummer for the British band Motörhead, dead November 11 at 61.

(Tom again: I note that it is still only the 17th. A subscription to the magazine is free, and is available at http://www.thisistrue.com , and it is emailed to you weekly, the guy who runs it is a volunteer ambulance EMT who used to work at NASA / Jet Propulsion Laboratory.)

NOT POSTED

A Simple One (all I can manage)

There was a very nice neighborhood near the beach on an island.  Many nice ladies and girls were there, and they were all friends.

But one day, they woke up and found that all their stuff had been stolen.  During the night, a pirate ship had come to the beach, and the pirates had walked onto the island and into their neighborhood and took everything they could.  The mean pirates had sailed off with it before the day started.

The ladies were very sad.  One said, "I had a big bag full of pieces of eight, and they took it."  'Pieces of eight' is a type of money.

Another lady  said, "I had lots of stuffed animals that I liked, and now I do not have any at all."

All the neighborhood ladies said that there was nothing they could do about it. The pirates were just too mean to fight.

But one lady just kept quiet.  She knew that there was something she could do about it.  But she did not tell them.

This lady was a witch.  We do not know if she was a bad witch or a good witch.  But we do know that her stuff had been taken, too, and we know that she really liked her friends and wanted to get their stuff back, too.

So she got on her broomstick and flew out over the water.  She looked and looked, and she found the pirate ship, a long way off in the distance.  Before the pirates could see her, she cast a spell, and right away, she did not look like a witch flying on a broom any more.  To the pirates, she looked like a big pirate ship, sailing on the water right straight to the real pirates.

Well, the pirates were busy, because they were bragging about taking all that stuff the night before.  They kept yelling things like "Harr! Harr! Harr! We took all kinds of treasure from those girls, Yarr!"  These mean pirates thought they were pretty tough because they thought they had gotten away with robbery.

But the witch just thought they were scaredy cat sneaks, because all they really did was come when everyone was asleep and they took the stuff that belonged to the sleeping ladies.  The witch KNEW that if she had been awake when the pirates came, the pirates would have gotten nothing at all.

So she was not scared when the pirates saw her big fake pirate ship.  The pirate captain yelled, "Hey, stop the PARTY, me HEARTIES!  I SPY a big pirate ship, and that ship is coming this way!"

So the pirates all rushed to where they were supposed to be when they were going to meet a ship.  One of them went to the ship's steering wheel, and others climbed up on the sails to roll them up or unroll them down, to best use the wind.

The last pirates went to the cannons and made sure they also had their swords and pistol guns ready, but they did that while sneaking.  They knew that the pirate captain was going to act like he wanted to be friends with the big pirate ship, and then he would try to bully the big ship into giving them more treasure.  So they went to the cannons and HID behind them.

But that did not fool the witch.  She could see what they were doing.  She also could look in the windows of the ship, and she saw all the stuff the pirates had taken from her, and from her friends the neighborhood ladies.

So she made sure that she looked just like a big pirate captain herself, with another magic spell.  She and the big pirate ship soon caught up to the real pirate ship.

The real pirate captain yelled out.  "AHOY THERE, ME MATEY!"

The witch, pretending to be a captain, yelled back.  "AHOY THERE Ya'SELF!"

"YARR!" yelled the real captain.  "A FINE BOAT YOU HAVE THERE!  I SEE REEEEL PRETTY SAILS, TOO!"

The witch said, "THANK YOU!" because she wanted to look polite, and polite people say "Thank you" when someone says something nice like that to them.  But do not think that the witch was fooled by the pirate.  She knew what the pirate was going to ask next.

The real pirate asked, "HAVE YE ANY CANNONS ABORD, ME FRIEND?"

"WHY, NO," the witch yelled back. "I HAVE NAREY A ONE, MATEY! AND WHY BE YOU BE ASKING THAT?"

The real pirate captain started laughing. "BECAUSE I WANTED TO KNOW THAT I CAN BLOW YOU OUT OF THE WATER, AND YOU CAN'T DO A THING ABOUT IT. I HAVE LOTS OF CANNONS, AND LOTS OF PIRATES!  GIVE US ALL YOUR PIECES OF EIGHT OR WE WILL SINK YOUR SHIP!  HAR, HAR, HAR!"

All the pirates started laughing, and the pirate captain told them to shoot their cannons at the ship, just to try to scare the big pirate ship into giving them a lot of money, the kind called "pieces of eight".

But the witch started laughing, even while the cannon balls were heading right at her fake pirate ship.

She yelled, "LAUGH ALL YOU WANT! YOUR CANNON BALLS WILL DO NOTHING TO ME!  BECAUSE THIS IS A FAKE SHIP!"  And with that, the big ship disappeared, just as all the cannon balls flew past the fake pirate captain.  They fell into the ocean.

She yelled, "AND I AM NOT A PIRATE CAPTAIN AT ALL! I AM A WITCH!"  And with that, she stopped looking like a pirate captain and looked like herself again, and the pirates could see her sitting on her broom.  The pirates all stopped laughing.

She yelled, "AND YOU AREN'T GOING TO GET AWAY WITH TAKING OUR STUFF!  You AREN'T GOING TO GO ANYWHERE IN THAT SHIP! AND YOU ARE COMING WITH ME!"  And with that, the PIRATE'S ship also disappeared!  All the pirates found themselves up in the air over the ocean, and then they fell down toward the water.  They each landed in a little rowboat.

So each of the pirates found himself or herself sitting in a rowboat.  But none of them had even a single rowing OAR.  The witch had seen to that.  Even though they could see each of the other pirates, they could not row to them!

And, while all that was going on, the witch had also cast a spell over all stuff that had been in the ship, all the stuff that belonged to the neighborhood ladies that had been stolen the night before.  That spell made all that stuff as light as a feather, and as small as a feather.  The witch had moved all that stuff into one of her pockets.

"And now," she said to all the pirates, "you are all going to come with me."  She turned her nose up at them, as if she did not like people that stole things.  And she turned her broom around and faced it in the direction toward the island.

And when her broom started flying slowly toward the island, all the rowboats moved toward the island, too.

The pirates did not like that.  "YARR!" the pirate captain yelled.  "ME HEARTY CREW, I ORDER YOU TO SHOOT HER WITH YER PISTOL GUNS!"

They got out their guns and pointed them at the witch.  She just giggled, because she had cast a spell on the guns, too.

"FIRE!" the captain yelled, and all the pirates pulled their triggers.

And all the guns squirted some water. The witch had turned their guns into water pistols!

None of the guns squirted even halfway to the witch.  "SHIVER ME TIMBERS!" the pirates all yelled.

The witch yelled back. "HEE HEE! DO YOU REALLY WANT A WITCH TO SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS FOR YOU?"

The pirates had never thought of that, and looked nervously at their captain.

The captain was very surprised.  He was still angry, but he could not think of anything to say.  He did try one last thing, and that was to try to throw his sword at the witch up on the broom.  It didn't reach her, even though he threw it really hard.

He had thrown it so hard, in fact, that he almost fell out of his rowboat.  And the sword had just fallen into the water and sunk.

Now the captain sat in the boat.  He was quiet and he thought a while.  Then he finally answered the witch's question almost politely.  "Yarr! If yer please, ma'am, but 'shiver me timbers' is just being something we pirates yell when we are surprised."

And then he kept quiet.  And all the other pirates did, too.

In a little while, they were near the island, and the pirates asked, "Ma'am, to where be ye be towing us?"

The witch answered, "I am taking you where all robbers like you should go.  I am taking you to the police!

"And don't be thinking you can just jump out of the boats and swim to the island and get away.  I have lived here on this island all my life, and I know where the sharks like to swim. I have teken you there. They would love to eat you all for dinner, so don't you get out of those boats."

As for the police, they had seen this strange sight.  The police had never seen a witch riding up to the island on a broomstick before, and not one towing behind her a couple dozen rowboats with pirates in them.

A policewoman yelled up from the beach.  "Hello there, Madam!  What can we do for you?"

The witch yelled down, "Hello! Do you police know there were a lot of robberies last night in that neighborhood over that way?"  She pointed toward her neighborhood.

"Oh, sure," the policewoman said. "A lot of the neighborhood ladies told us they had their things taken."

The witch told them that these pirates were the ones that did the robbery, and the police arrested each pirate as their rowboat touched the beach.

In no time at all, the witch had put all the stolen stuff back into the houses of her neighborhood friends, and then she went home and put her own tuff and her broom away.

She had made sure that none of her friends had seen her ride her broom in, because they did not know she was a witch.

Instead, when the friends all got together in one house to tell each other that their stuff had somehow reappeared without any explanation, the witch walked in and acted like her usual quiet self.

One of her friends was saying, "So I turned on the light, and all of my stuffed animals were sitting where I had left them! Am I going crazy?  I really thought they were stolen!"

And another said, "I feel the same way.  I have all my pieces of eight back! And I * KNOW * they were gone today."

But soon, one of her friends said, "Actually, I just got back from calling on the police.  Do you believe it?  They said a WITCH on a BROOM brought all the pirates in, the ones that had stolen our stuff!  And all the pirates confessed!  They said the witch had sunk their ship!"

And the witch sat drinking a glass of ice tea and smiling at everyone quietly.

So what finally happened?

First of all, the witch kept her secrets.  No one knew she was a witch, just like we don't know if she was a good witch or a bad witch.  And she lived happily ever after.

Then, all her friends had all their stuff back.  That made them feel good.  They had spent that day feeling bad that someone had taken their stuff, but when they had gotten it all back, they felt good again.  And they lived happily ever after.

The police felt good, because they now had a bunch of pirates.  They had gotten tired of not being able to catch pirates, and now they had a bunch of them in their jail.  So the police were happier than they had been.  It is a hard job to be the police, so it is nice when the police can feel happier about it.

And finally there are the pirates. Most people on the island would say "The pirates stayed in jail and lived UN-happily ever after".

But some people actually talked to the pirates every once in a while, and the pirates never stopped being upset about the witch.  Like most bullies, or like most people who are mean, they had never thought they would lose in a fight.  But they learned differently, after that witch had taken their ship away and dumped them into those rowboats.

So, some people say, those pirates may feel safer in a jail.  And maybe they felt safer that way, happily, forever after.

+++

There was a writing prompt on Reddit. Some three year old demanded stories from his father.

Two requirements: pirates, and a witch.

Here is one I whipped out.

(You can sing this one.
 What three year old wouldn't like his
 father singing him to sleep?)

    Just lay right down and you'll hear a tale,
    A tale of a pirate ship!
    It sailed out of a tropic port
    And went on fateful trip.

    The mate was a mighty sailing man!
    The Captain brave and sure!
    The pirates all had money (YES!)
    But they all wanted more.

    THEY
    WANTED
    MORE!

    The greedy pirates acted tough.
    But they were not that smart!
    A witch came 'board to speak to them,
                 (grab the front of your shirt here)
    And she clutched at her heart.

                        (now sing in a witch's voice)
    "Oh, sit right back and you'll hear a tale,
     A tale both sad and true.
     A Queen with lots of money BUT
     She is as poor as you!

    "She put her money in a bank!
     The bank then kept it all!
     To get her money she must pay
     A fee that's very small.

    "Now please believe me when I say
     That money she has NOT!
     And please ignore the silly way
     That she got in this spot!

    "Because she said she'd make me rich,
     (I'm glad I didn't laugh)
     If I paid the small fee for her,
     OfHerMoney, I'd get Half.

    "OFHERMONEY,
     I'D
     GET HALF!

    "And now I need your help, my friends,
     I'm here to pass the hat!
     I'd keep those riches for myself,
     But my wallet's flat!

    "You'll be the richest in the world!
     The richest ones by far!
     For here's an email from the Queen
     From Nigeria!

    "The Phones, that's right! The Motorcars!
     Why, you can have them all!
     With the money that's left you
     Can really have a ball!"

    The Captain started talking tough!
    "That's quite a deal, my dear!
     We'll send the Queen our treasure!
     She can send her money here!"

    On an island they dug up
    All their buried treasure.
    The witch took it and then she took
    Their ship for good measure!

    So the pirates all were castaways,
    They're stuck for a long, long time,
    They'll have to make the best of things,
    It's an uphill climb.

    The first mate and the Captain too,
    Will do their very best,
    To make the others comfortable,
    In the tropic island nest.

    No phone, no lights, no pirate ship!
    Not a single luxury,
    Like Robinson Crusoe,
    As primitive as can be.

    And we'll see them ten years from now,
    You're sure to think it's funny,
    When the stranded pirate crew
    Will still wait for their money.

Chrismahanakwanzikah

What It's Like To Date When You Can't Have Sex

Creating Kindle ebooks - Basic users (Windows and Mac only):
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Download the Kindle Previewer from http://www.amazon.com/kindleformat/kindlepreviewer
- Once the download is finished, install the Kindle Previewer
- If you need further instruction on how to install Kindle Previewer, please refer http://kindlepreviewer.s3.amazonaws.com/UserGuide.pdf
- Once the install is complete, launch Kindle Previewer
- Click on "Open book" link in Kindle Previewer
- Select the EPUB/HTML/OPF to convert to Kindle ebook
- Follow the instructions to convert the book and preview
- The converted ebook with extension ".mobi" can be obtained from the folder Compiled-filename from the same folder as the source HTML/EPUB.

_aDisplay_airline_flight_tools.txt
+++ airline flight tools
There are a number of tools out there to help you have a good flight experience:

Seat Guru will give you information on seat selection so you know if your seat has a misaligned window or extra legroom, etc.

Route Happy aggregates some key factors aggregating data on aircraft type, seat pitch, on-board entertainment, connections, etc to help you select a good flight.

Flight Stats has data including information on the historical on-time performance of your flight.

Some fun airline websites include:

Flight Radar 24 which shows you all flights in the air around the world. You can click on a plane to see its origin and destination. You can filter by airport to see all flights headed to/from your city. It's a lot of fun to play around with.

Airline Empires is a web game that lets you run your own airline deciding where to open routes, how to price them, what aircraft to purchase, etc. and compete against other real people running their fictional airlines.

Don't forget https://skiplagged.com/ which uses some funny booking tricks to get you places cheaply (e.g. booking iteneraries where your desired destination is actually a stopover and you just disembark early). The website was unsuccessfully sued by United, which was interesting and brought it a lot of attention. The creator did an AMA about a month ago.

_aDisplay_Raising_Skinny_Elephants_Is_Utterly_Boring.txt
+++ Raising Skinny Elephants Is Utterly Boring
sudo service gdm restart

sudo /etc/init.d/gdm restart

Hold down alt + SysRQ (often also labeled Print Screen) and press the following keys in order:

R - raising (switches keyboard from raw mode)
S - skinny (sync all mounted filesystems)
E - elephants (shuts down all processes except init)
I - is (terminates all processes except init)
U - utterly (remounts all filesystems in read-only mode)
B - boring (immediately reboots the system)

 Ctrl+Alt+T

_aDisplay_Ceatos_discussion_re_calendar.txt
+++ Ceatos discussion re calendar
contact@ andreasceatos.com

Ceatos, Andreas (2015-11-08). 2016 US Calendar - Daily Planner and Organizer For Kindle Users (Kindle Location 4).  . Kindle Edition.
Actually, the center justification is relentless. Cf snap.
Where photo info?
Could not find it until January.
I miss the week numbers.

I miss the week numbers this year, but I saw that there are problems with those.  I was strictly ISO "1st week is 1st 4 day week" until I saw that I was now out of step with the rest of US Week system.  So I switched to "Week 1 always has January 1"
I miss other stuff as well.
_aDisplay_default.txt

Email address.  Malware and Viruses are often distributed via email.  Keep multiple email addresses: one for social media, one for shopping and another for important accounts for things such as banking.  This way spammers will not get the addresses used for your important accounts

Pointer to a blog entry with photo jibes at both Trump and Clinton
http://www.thisistrue.com/blog-hillary_vs_trump_the_votes_are_in.html

_aDisplay_welcome_to_pernishus.txt
+++ welcome to pernishus
I have granted you access and tried to follow your account. Names and everything the same as here. Reasons may be the same as yours.

Latest fantasy world running through my head is an international Mars mission in which the Chinese have all the funding and the Russians have all the usable space experience ... and the U.S.A. is apparently "tolerated" as part of the picture, having no money to speak of and not much usable space experience (having gotten the Moon and then abandoned it, and having spent thirty years on a dangerous rocket plane that killed two crews). The first landing on Deimos went well, but the Marscape overhead is threatening, due to the planet wide duststorm that is spreading .....

Welcome to Dreamwidth, by the way.
_aDisplay_default.txt

durhamappliancethrift.com

_aDisplay_very_awful_ides_of_March_best_forgotten.txt
+++ very awful ides of March best forgotten
A soothsayer, a woman named Spurinna, had told Caesar harm was coming this day. 	[Mar. 15th, 2016|09:01 pm]
A soothsayer, a woman named Spurinna, had told Caesar harm was coming this day.

Caesar said to her "The Ides of March are come".

She said, "Aye, Caesar; but not gone."

In the Senate chamber, the conspirators ran up ... with their paint guns.

Instantly, Julius Caesar was drenched in orange paint.

Brutus yelled, "Orange Julius!  Orange Julius!"

The whole chamber took up the chant.

Thoroughly embarrassed and humiliated, Caesar ran from the chamber.

And from the country.

And from history.
_aDisplay_default.txt

https://www.facebook.com/294441424220638/videos/306046889726758/

_aDisplay_p220_confirmation_class_questions.txt
+++ p220 confirmation class questions
Faith Chapter Question - Seibert

2/20/2016

0 Comments
If we can't give anything to God that he doesn't already have, what is the point of being a Christian? Is faith only about being a good member of society? If so, why is a relationship with God required? If not, how does faith affect yourself and others?
each student researches the internet for the most exciting confirmation ideas

Baptized We Live by Daniel Erlander; a good booklet about understanding Lutheran Christianity

Mere Christianity Reading:

From Book 3

11. Faith - 1

12. Faith - 2

10. Hope

8. The Great Sin

7. Forgiveness

9. Charity

From Book 4:

4. Good Infection

5. The Obstinate Toy Soldiers

6. Two Notes

7. Let s Pretend

8. Is Christianity Hard or Easy?

9. Counting the Cost

10. Nice People or New Men

11. The New Men

Questions will call for thought, dialog with parents and mentors and journaling.

A sample look at Baptized We Live:

http://www.amazon.com/dp/6000020724/?tag=googhydr-20&hvadid=29654704507&hvpos=1o1&hvexid=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=6119850577647012229&hvpone=10.76&hvptwo=&hvqmt=b&hvdev=c&ref=pd_sl_5dicz33ual_b
Baptized, We Live: Lutheranism As a Way of Life: Daniel Erlander: 9786000020729: Amazon.com: Books
Buy Baptized, We Live: Lutheranism As a Way of Life on Amazon.com / Free delivery on eligible orders

Journal question for kids: How do you tell when someone has faith? Question for parents: How do you teach faith outside of worship?  Remember, still need some awesome confirmation ideas from other churches!

WHAT ABOUT THE LUTHER VIDEO

SEARCH CONFIRMATION

DO I BELONG THERE?

WHY NOT PICK THE TENTH

The minimal curriculum is probably Mere Christianity chapters Forgiveness through Faith, for a modern (and untranslated English) discussion of how to be a Christian

Small Catechism for the Lutheran basic
_aDisplay_default.txt

_aDisplay_Our_Father_graphic.txt
+++ Our Father graphic
                                    Give us this day our daily
                                                b
                                                r
                                                e
                                                a
Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.   d   And forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us.

                            Thy kingdom come.       Lead us not into temptation.

                        Hallowed be Thy name.       But deliver us from evil.
_aDisplay_default.txt

 the Small Catechism. In my opinion I think some instruction on the creeds would be beneficial

I know atheists/Jews/Muslims/Christians who are not like that, and lumping them all together as evil is wrong. Stop it.

_aDisplay_RLSH.txt
*** RLSH
As of a few months ago, December 2015, their Facebook page has Thanatos leaving messages, and he seems to have become a leader of sorts.
[url]https://www.facebook.com/RealLifeSuperHeroProject#[/url]

Also dated December, a photographer gave a TED talk about the "Real Life Superheroes", letting us know something of what is happening with Master Legend, and Life, and Geist, and Super Hero, and actually a host of others.  He has an extended sequence explaining his meetings with Thanatos and a story of an old woman who wanted to "dance with Death" before she died, plus some very low key patrols he made with Life in New York.

I'd say you can't hear his talk without getting a good strong idea of why these gentle people are doing this.  [url]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCRA7-zFLCI[/url]

The Real Life Super Heros do still have their own standalone page, but it hasn't been updated since before they created their Facebook page. [url]http://www.superheroes.com[/url]
_aDisplay_default.txt

(919) 213-7468 meineke

AZLyrics.com

_aDisplay_Too_Hot.txt
+++ Too Hot
KOOL & THE GANG LYRICS

At seventeen we fell in love
High school sweethearts
Love was so brand new
We took the vows of man and wife
Forever, for life
I remember how we made our way
A little patience, the time we prayed
Can't imagine that this love is through
Feeling the pain, girl
When you lose

Oh, it's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta run for shelter
Gotta run for shade
It's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta cool this anger
What a mess we made
So long ago
You were my love
Oh, my love

Flyin' high we never took the time
To stop and feel the need
Funny how those years go by
Changing you, changing me
I remember love's fever
In our hearts, girl
And in our minds
Can't imagine that this love is through
Feeling the pain, girl
When you lose

Oh, it's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta run for shelter
Gotta run for shade
It's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta cool this anger
What a mess we made
So long ago
You were my love
Feeling the pain

[Instrumental Interlude]

Oh, it's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta run for shelter
Gotta run for shade
It's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta cool this anger
From this mess that we made

it's too hot (too hot)
Too hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta run for shelter
Gotta run for shade
It's too hot (too hot)
So, so hot, lady (too hot)
Gotta cool this anger
Oh, gotta cool this mess we made
It's so, so hot, baby (too hot)
Yes, it's so hot
I can't take it
I can't stand no more, baby
We were once lovers (too hot)
We took our vows (too hot)
We're man and wife forever
Whoooooooooa (too hot)
Whoooooooooa
Baby (too hot)
Baby, please won't you listen (too hot)...
Powered by MusixMatch
KOOL & THE GANG lyrics are property and copyright of their owners. "Too Hot" lyrics provided for educational purposes and personal use only.

_aDisplay_stuff_from_HP17.txt

http://forecast.weather.gov/MapClick.php?lat=35.99&lon=-78.9&unit=0&lg=english&FcstType=graphical

I am asking my family and friends to be especially vigilant.  And.  Discrete.

Shortly before the Fourth of July, there were indications that the group that opposes the U.S. and the rest of the west would try something big in July, during the month of Ramadan.

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
I know that authorities were on the alert for attacks on airports, and then they also warned of the gatherings for fireworks.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

But there is a more subtle, more credible way to attack this country.

From the other side of the world, it is still easy to know that the racial divide in this country has been strained by the indidents between the police and black motorists. Foreigners watching have seen us come closer and closer to rioting.

Perhaps, they would think, all that would be needed to set everything off would be some police deaths. It could easily be blamed on the blacks, and the police would instantly become even more nervous than they are now.

Now, I know that Dallas will probably end up being explained as being caused by some small group of crackpots, who would say they had no connection to outside groups.

Of course they would say that.  After Orlando, when a connection with an overseas group was established, it shifted attention.

If, instead, the parties involved with Dallas claimed that they had no connections like that, then it would look a lot more like a beginning of a police-vs-black war.

And it is very easy to pull off. Whatever we have seen so far in these incidents, "snipers" has not been a methodology used by blacks against police.

There is nothing they would like better than to see the whole of this country fighting against itself, split down the middle, and especially during the extra confusion of this wierd and unusual election year.

 * * * * *

What would I do, if I were such a group?  I would, right now, be automatically searching through internet traffic for mentions of that group, by any of its names.  That would include posts to Facebook (and other social media), and searches on Google (and other web search engines), and possibly mail traffic.

So please . . .

. . . consider not using any of the four letter acronyms (like "eye ess eye ell" or "eye ess eye ess") in your texts on the web.  Don't write their whole names out, either.  There is a problem when using web searches, which require something specific to work well, so use your judgement.  The idea is to not give anyone any reason to pull YOUR particular message out of the internet streams.

But especially, don't try to push one side of a fight to violence against the other.

 * * * * *

And, finally, yes it is more than likely that we will come out of this year with nothing like a big violent 3,000 mile wide riot taking over our nation.  It may be absolutely certain, a year from now, that there was no outside interference with our country this July.

http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/u-s-authorities-gear-july-4-amid-worries-isis-inspired-n385176

http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/bulletin-warns-heightened-threat-isis-attack-july-4th/story?id=32102380

Notes on July 15

ttwywtt
* Apollo 11 is rightly held as important.
* my opinion, though
tt
* the race ended somewhat with A11, though I suspected that, as A12 and the others continued out of inertia (and to fulfill the OTHER goal of the trip, which was to explore the Moon), some may have taken it as more of the "embarrass the Russians' and / or 'show the world how great the USA is'.  Apollo 13, instead, showed that the exploration of space is dangerous, which helped the USSR's insistence that using robots is morally better than risking lives.
* the race was officially over, and international cooperation had begun, during a 1972 summit, when President Nixon and () signed a treaty specifying the goal of a US-USSR joint mission
* Payoffs almost immediately.
** the biology experiments flown on that "Cosmos" satellite, which was a re-vamped unmanned Vostok capsule.  (If we had already been doing that, it would be news to me.)
* payoffs
** the language protocol
** the androgynous docking collar
** international dockings
We docked to them.  They docked to us.
* the layout of the stack
** incompatible atmospheres/incompatible docking collars
** The dividing line is the DM?
** Or it can be considered The Free Zone
** Or you can say that each ship is a SM, and a Reentry Module, plus an extension in front that will be jettisoned before retrofire.
* A lot like a moon mission, for the CM Pilot. We link up the CSM to the DM. The two xfr to the DM for a while before they get to the mission proper, and spend time in the Dm after before rejoining the CMP in the CSM. The highlight of everything happens in the DM when the door to the Soyuz opens, and the CMP is largely ignored.  (I remember President Ford and () both graciously including him in their speeches.)
* A very big point is that all our cooperation leads back to that 1975 flight.  July 15, 1975 was rightly recalled when the first Shuttle Mir linkup happened July 15, 1995.

ttwytt
footnotes
- Yes, the USA won that 'race'. The USSR had a credible position, afterwards, that they never were 'racing' us in the first place. The USSR also had a completely non-credible position that The Moon was not a target or goal for them.
The story on *that* is that U.S. astronauts and USSR cosmonauts were together walking throught the storage area in a Russian facilty, after the two countries started cooperating, when they walked passed a Soviet lunar lander. The astronauts said something like "What's that?" and the cosmonauts said something like "our lunar lander that we never used".

Superb, Tom. I looked up the history of the word "president", and it was originally a very humble thing. But eventually a lot of countries followed our example and now they have presidents, too. China, Russia, France, because of the U.S. presidents. The Office of POTUS has been inspiring, and to hang onto that, through this century, I came up with one basic rule: always try to elect people of good character.

[john] I can assist with that; one
moment.
[john] I apologize for the wait time; I am assisting other customers.
[Tom] Phone recently fixed BUT: (1) It does not ring so we are missing calls! (2) Can NOT do call forwarding to get around that (*72 results in busy signal all the time). ................ When we get a call, the display briefly flashes "NO LINE", then we see the call come in on the display but hear no sound, even though we cranked the volume up.
[john] ok.
[john] will add detailed notes to address new problems
[Tom] um, please explain?
[john] one moment while I bring up acc.
1315
1316
1317
[john] is there a dial tone?
[Tom] yes
[john] ok.
1318
1319
1320
1321
[john] creating ticket
1322
1323
[john] is

9193230447 a good can be reached number?
1324
[Tom] We would rather that you used 9196381818 please. The 9193230447 is a good backup number to that.
1325
[john] ok
1326
[john] Ticket number 006211949.
[john] Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
1327
[Tom] Yes, please. The time of the expected repair attempt?
1328
[john] At this time, I am required to inform all customer that there may be charges. If there are charges, the tech should call before any work is done.
1329
1330
[john] Frontier will be working behind the scenes on the ticket now, and if they find a tech needs to go out, it will be 9/8/16.
[john] Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
1331
[Tom] (It saysw you are typing so I am waiting)
1332
[Tom] ah, well. No, thank you. Please have a good day.
1333
[john] just to recap, you reported: "Phone recently fixed BUT: (1) It does not ring so we are missing calls! (2) Can NOT do call forwarding to get around that (*72 results in busy signal all the time). ................ When we get a call, the display briefly flashes "NO LINE", then we see the call come in on the display but hear no sound, even though we cranked the volume up." to resolve, I created a new Ticket to address these issues, and a date of 9/8/16 if a tech needs to go out, between 9AM-5PM, mon-fri.

[john] At this time, I would like to inform you that you will be invited to a survey after the chat is concluded, Please click the "End" button in their chat window when you have finished reading this message. I also wanted to remind you that Frontier.com has many kinds of self help options! Thank you for being the best part of Frontier and have a wonderful day.
The operator has ended the chat. Thanks for contacting us.
1333

_Colleen_thing.txt

Hello, Ms. Farmer.  My name is Tom Baker.  Colleen Haithcock told me about you, because we both are members of Christus-Victor Lutheran Church.

Our pastor installed an "Eco-Garden" (as in 'ecology garden') which has a continuous flow of water over rocks with butterfly friendly plants growing along it.  Colleen and Barbara Moen, at a Northeast Creek meeting, came up with you as a person who could give a talk about how we can help the environment, and also had suggestions for plants that would give our church "all year display" of pretty growth.

Would you please contact me in one of these ways?

email:  tombaker17@gmail.com

https://www.facebook.com/sarah.farmer.7731/about
https://www.facebook.com/tombaker17
_toOrg.txt

TODO LNL Using whole disk.  Rebuild w/o Vista?
TODO LNL PM to show PDFs w/o the Desktop/PDFs folder

_junk

This morning Lauren said she has seen junky stuff on my FB page.  But I look here and don't see anything like that. It resem

I know it is a strained definition of the word 'safe', but is it 'safe' for you to be driving?

Steve, I am off. Please have a good CT, and do what the doctors say.

Please submit all political and public policy-related questions and comments, as well as any technical issues or questions about Democrats.org here.

You can also reach us via mail or phone.

Mailing address:
Democratic National Committee
430 South Capitol St. SE
Washington, DC 20003

Main phone number: 202-863-8000

For questions about contributions, please call 877-336-7200.

If you want to contact us regarding internships or jobs, please see the appropriate pages.

pa31 Cancel experian

Lauren and Tom,

Here are some one owner, no accident Corolla's on Car Fax in the 14-15 K range. Toyota is very reliable and has good resale value.

My guess is you could get one for 1K less than the asking price, maybe more. As I said, it is better to pin a price before seeing the car. That takes the emotion out of it. I always start with the question "What is the best you can do on this car?" and go from there. There is no harm in offering less than their best, esp. this time of year.

Also, be sure to check out the seller/dealer with the Attorney General's office and the Better Business.

https://www.carfax.com/vehicles/Used-Toyota-Corolla--27713/certified/no-accidents/service-records/one-owner/personal-lease-use

Car Fax also offers service history and accident history and the above should be accident free.

Good luck,

Terry

Tom,

I discovered recently that there great ways to find the used car you want on line:

- CarFx
- Car Genus
- True Car
- Cars Direct
- Car Guru

www.popularmechanics.com/cars/a16593/best-sites-to-sell-your-car-online/

http://www.hummingbird.org/videos/finvictory/nonbank.cfm?bank=n

13 videos
1A The Role of Money
Victoria Wright
Lawyer and Certified Consumer Bankruptcy Specialist
Stress on job.
Job loss.
SAVINGS.  INSURANCE.  KNOWLEDGE.
not taught in school
not taught at home
but start learning now!

[ FIXED INCOME
    keep an open mind
    separate Fixed Income financial Tips ]

Role of money in our search for happiness.
Money is Only a Tool!
Using the tool of $ to achieve YOUR goals.
Talk about yr financial goals with the important ppl in yr life.
Needs vs. Wants
car tool
food clothing shelter
* A need only has to fill what is a necessity
Savings Rant
SS will not give what we need in our old age.

* TODO Put the PDFs on UUI
* TODO Print two copies of the checklist
* TODO Print two copies of the workbook

1B
* save more
** less means more
** automate to accumulate
(Do we have more house than we can afford!)
(If yr budget is out of whack, FACE IT!)
(Some ppl sink financially cuz they refuse to let go.
 They are out of debt, but they won't let go of the anchor that is pulling them down.)
* vv
** DEBTs ARE A SYMPTOM.
** THE DISEASE: AN UNBALANCED BUDGET

Jeff Strayer
Cynthia Peacock
Michael Paul

your coins
sell on craigslist/ebay   "half price books"  hwc mybookbank  or thrift stores   (we still may find a good pawn shop yet)
sell old electronics / games
pray
dvds  cds  books    my comic books    my funny books    anything I am not using
COLLECTIBLES
textbooks
SCRAP METAL
Old cell phones (see below)
jewelry
return anything bought recently if you have the receipt
sell blood
marketing research place
do mystery shopping (when you travel, especially)
fiverr.com
paint address on curbs for home owners four hours a day
cardcash.com and cardpool.com   for your giftcards.  About $0.92 on the dollar. You send, then you get the money.
Also  CoinStar machines for the giftcards!
OnlineHairAffair.com
refund bottles and cans.  Lots around your home.  Have a byob party, and use those.
Uber and Lyft.
Art Model Tips

If I had to make $200 I would buy a bucket, sponge, some towels, and a squeegee. Price window cleaning by the window not by the job. You can charge between $5-$10 per window. Do house windows because the jobs will pay more per job. Charge a minimum of $50 no matter how small the job. I have done houses where the bids came out to $400-$600. If you are willing to give free estimates and leave a number where you can be reached you will get work.
I know because I did it for a living for about 20 years.

Gazelle is a Web site that offers fixed prices for old cell phones, tablets, iPods and Apple computers. All you do is enter your gadget's information (model, operating system, memory) and its current condition, and Gazelle gives you an instant quote that's good for the next 30 days. If you send them your device, Gazelle will send you a check in a week. Gazelle's offer for a "flawless" iPhone 5 16 GB, for example, was $310.
.         But what if your gadget is in far-from-flawless condition? Your best bet for a cracked, drowned or otherwise dead device is probably EcoATM, an automated kiosk that pays cash instantly for used or damaged cell phones and tablets. EcoATM has thousands of U.S. locations, mostly in malls. The kiosks are equipped with software to recognize makes and models for more than 2,000 devices, and they can also detect damage and flaws. To deter thieves from fencing stolen merchandise, each sale requires a scanned photo ID and a thumbprint.

You might want to see if the government is holding any unclaimed income tax refunds for you. The IRS says that millions of dollars in refunds are returned every year as undeliverable [source: IRS]. Visit the unclaimed money section of USA.gov for more information.

There are many websites devoted that connect users to free online surveys.[20] These usually only pay at most a few dollars apiece, but they require very little effort and may provide fast payment.
.    Amazon's Mechanical Turk program is another way to make money online by answering questions or completing simple tasks. However, the pay is usually very low, often only a few cents per task.

Wow, thanks very much for the heads-up.  The two missions announced are little robots and don't seem destined to break the bank, but they are really impressive.  One goes to a metal asteroid, the other is going to explore six of Jupiter's trojan asteroids.

Please keep safe and healthy, Jessica.

  1803    4 -rwxr-xr-x   1 root     root          300 Nov  3  2013 ./usr/bin/asciidoctor
411912    4 -rw-r--r--   1 root     root          696 Nov  3  2013 ./usr/share/doc-base/asciidoctor-doc
526981    4 -rw-r--r--   1 root     root         2649 Nov  3  2013 ./usr/share/man/man1/asciidoctor.1.gz
393841    4 drwxr-xr-x   2 root     root         4096 Jan  9 13:09 ./usr/share/doc/asciidoctor
400936    4 drwxr-xr-x   3 root     root         4096 Jan  9 13:09 ./usr/share/doc/asciidoctor-doc
135281    8 -rw-r--r--   1 root     root         5689 Nov  3  2013 ./usr/share/rubygems-integration/2.0/specifications/asciidoctor-0.1.4.gemspec
130596    8 -rw-r--r--   1 root     root         5689 Nov  3  2013 ./usr/share/rubygems-integration/1.9.1/specifications/asciidoctor-0.1.4.gemspec
  1802   40 -rw-r--r--   1 root     root        37096 Nov  3  2013 ./usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/asciidoctor.rb
    30    4 drwxr-xr-x   4 root     root         4096 Jan  9 13:09 ./usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/asciidoctor
135876   16 -rw-rw-rw-   1 root     root        14027 Apr 22  2012 ./tom/uni/heart/execs/asciidoc-8.6.7/tests/testasciidocT.py~
135877   16 -rw-rw-rw-   1 root     root        14289 Apr 22  2012 ./tom/uni/heart/execs/asciidoc-8.6.7/tests/testasciidocT.py

Perhaps it isn't cool at all.

I tell you the truth.  I was about five years old when I thought about that stuff. I had tons of time on my hands.

I thought about the past, and suddenly thought about how maybe the past didn't exist, that it got made up with the rest of the world.  I thought about how I thought that ---- I ---- was real, though.  And decided that the world, at least, existed since the first time I could remember.

AND ... I do, in fact, remember the wave of sadness and loss of some of my hope, when I realized that MY memories could be fake, too.

So I found myself saying "What if we and the world were all created five minutes ago?  What can I do about it?"  And I decided that I would remember thinking about this moment, and then, in the future, I would KNOW that the world had been real, at that moment.

But I eventually realized that the memory I was storing away, well, when I recalled it and tried to use it as proof that the world had been real ("Of course it was real back then. I remember looking around and deciding it was real!"), that THAT memory could have been a generated memory, too.

So I eventually decided it was all unprovable.  And still believed it, when I turned six, and then sixteen, and now even sixty.

Also I learned, the hard way, that I couldn't talk about it with anyone.  Because I tried a time or two, but the other person was not even on the first step of the journey I had been on, and couldn't even understand what I was talking about.

_junk

Regarding the coat-in-the-puddle thing -- there is a known biological response that guys get.  When they are around a girl that they are interested in, hormones get shot into the bloodstream.
1) That is why some smart guys become babbling something-or-others when they are around a cute girl.
2) That is why, when I met a girl in high school who shared my interests (playing piano and hearing classical music), I blew it in an inexplicable way.  I had a record at home of a song by Mozart, I could see his name on the record in my mind (and still can).  She started playing it for me, and smiled widely at me, and expectantly asked "Do you know who wrote this?" 99.99% of the time, I absolutely knew it was Mozart, but THIS time, the 0.01% of the time, I not only KNEW it was Schubert, but could see his name on the record in my mind.  "Schubert" I said confidently.  Instantly, she completely changed.  She now knew I was some sort of fraud, and a stupid one, to boot.  She stopped playing, and "NO," she said in shock. "It's Mozart!"  And, naturally, my brain immediately switched back to reality and showed me the name Mozart on the record in my mind.  But nothing I could say could undo the damage.
       THIS is the kind of thing that happens when the brain starts getting hormones and such in the blood supply.  It is hard to think straight.

3) And this may be why you thought, at that time, that the coat-in-the-puddle thing was a good idea.  I know that you had seen it in a lot of stories, and that is why you believed in it, but (I stop here)
===============================================================
Dr. Pilcher,

Thank you for participating!  I am wondering if, as a comedy writer  AND  now an expert on "bringing back from extinction", you have given thought to future comedians creating "joke species".  Things like little robin-sized horses with wings, or clams that start chirping like a bird when opened.

Epitaph: Foolish humans, never escaped Earth.
- Vernor Vinge

Dinosaurs return. Want their oil back.
- David Brin

Bang postponed. Not Big enough. Reboot.
- David Brin


_aDisplay_default.txt

Here is the macro to set this up as a tbarc: (setq last-kbd-macro
   [?\S-\C-x ?n ?n escape escape escape ?_ ?a ?D ?i ?s ?p ?l ?a ?y ?_ ?d ?e ?f ?a ?u ?l ?t ?. ?t ?x ?t return escape ?< return up ?_ ?a ?D ?i ?s ?p ?l ?a ?y ?_ right ?\C-a right right right right ?\C-  ?\C-e escape ?w ?\C-a ?\C-p ?\C-e ?\C-y ?. ?t ?x ?t ?\C-  ?\C-a escape escape escape ?\C-e ?  ?\C-a ?\C-e ?\C-  ?\C-a ?\S-\C-x ?n ?n escape escape escape ?\M-% ?  return ?_ return ?! backspace ?\S-\C-x ?n ?w])

Here is the macro to find first difference between the two windows on this frame: (setq last-kbd-macro
   [escape ?< ?\C-x ?o escape ?< ?\C-x ?o ?\C-c ?w ?\C-l ?\C-x ?o ?\C-l ?\C-x ?o])

Use an OWL to know where you are.  Add the heading line as +++ title
and spaces will be unders.

Here is the macro to search for duplications in the aDisplay's.  Go to the owl, delete it, then split the screen.
In the lower screen, go down one line, and then use macro.

searching for duplications
cat aDisplayThis.txt | sort | uniq -c|grep -v '      1 '|grep -e '[A-Za-z]'|wc

xyzzy

LPT: If you are barefoot in a dark room, you can avoid stubbing your toe if you walk backwards.For people like me, stubbing the toe is particularly painful -- perhaps because I am pre-diabetic and skin on my feet is sensitive.  While walking backwards can be awkward, I usually can know the lay of the land in a dark room, either because I know the place or because my night vision is not bad.  Bottom line: Hitting something with my foot if I'm walking forward is painful because my toes take the impact; Hitting something with my foot if I'm walking backward is not painful because my heel has very tough skin.

r212_1757 Okay, the UUI is in the AMT at EPA. So I use HP17's aDisplay.
          .
          Get the card, but first, commit.
r212_1758 Okay. Get card, there may be two steps to activation.
          .
          Then, pay ge.tt .
          .
          Then, is the latest ready?
          Then put it up.
          .
          Then write to Demi. r212_1759
r212_1812 Got it and some food and looked over the card.
r212_1812 1. We purchased and loaded.
r212_1813 2. Activate. By phone. (Try to keep the personal stuff off the net stream.)
r212_1814 .. Well, they have to verify the identity before they will allow an international transaction.
          .. And I pray about it. r212_1815
r212_1816 .. netspend
r212_1840 .. Was on phone and it is activated and available now for international transaction.
          .. Nervous because I gave everything they would need to pull stuff, but these guys do
          .. business at WalMart.
          .. They do not have bank information, and the credit stuff is locked.
          .. r212_1842
r212_1843 .. They did verify my identity.
          3. Also they activated the permanent card.
r212_1843 So
          I think I can go ahead and make the account at ge.tt a paid account.
          r212_1844
r212_1844 But I do not have the information here? All the thumbs are at work.
r212_1844 I suppose LMY may have it. Let's see.
r212_1846 LMY is at work, too. Lamar does not have the info on it.
r212_1846 So, I think I will stop and move to other things I have on my personal list.
          May God bless this work. r212_1847

   Dear white students, Dear Christian and Jewish students, Dear straight students, Dear male students, Dear Anglo students, Dear legal citizen students,
   I believe that most of you have never oppressed anyone at all, and that some of you will someday fight bigotry alongside your black, muslim ,lgbtq+, female, latino, undocumented, disabled, and native american student friends.


EXAMINE DUKE BILL ONLINE.

parole Un Parfum De Fin Du Monde - Nicole Croisille lyrics
paroles ♪ Un Parfum De Fin Du Monde ♪
Dis, m'en veut surtout pas si ma chanson a un parfum de fin
du monde.
Dis, on se reverra un café désert sans les cafés, les
gares comment faire pour se retrouver demain
On s'endormira puisque tout sera le grand sommeil
Dis, T'en fait surtout pas si je vois déjà
Le premier oiseau d'un après guerre sur un fil de fer qui
s'est barbelé au coeur des années
Now that I know your ins, that I guess my outs,
You're a part of me, couldn't do without you.
Dis, on se reverra un café désert sans les cafés les
gares comment faire pour se retrouver demain.
Tu m'endormiras I may go to sleep
Je serai prêt Hey don't you worry now
Si je vois déjà le premier oiseau d'un après guerre
Soon there'll be a pair lequel restera m'en veux surtout pas

828/5000
A Perfume Of The End Of The World - Nicole Croisille lyrics
lyrics ♪ An End Of The World Perfume ♪
Say, do not blame me especially if my song has a scent end
of the world.
Say, we'll see each other a deserted coffee without the cafes,
stations how to meet tomorrow
We will fall asleep since everything will be the great sleep
Say, you're not especially if I see already
The first bird of a postwar war on a wire that
has barbed in the heart of the years
Now that I know your ins, that I guess my outs,
You're a part of me, could not do without you.
Say, we'll see each other a deserted coffee without the cafes
stations how to meet tomorrow.
You'll fall asleep I can go to sleep
I'll be ready Hey do not you worry now
If I already see the first bird of a post war
Soon there'll be a peer who will not want me especially not

was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite them so that they don't apply to you." — Equal Rites

